 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Before the 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  
Release No. 10822 / August 25, 2020 
 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
Release No. 89656 / August 25, 2020 
 
ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING ENFORCEMENT 
Release No. 4161 / August 25, 2020 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING 
File No. 3-19927 
 
 
In the Matter of 
 
SUPER MICRO 
COMPUTER, INC.,  
 
 
 
Respondent. 
 
ORDER INSTITUTING CEASE-AND-
DESIST PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 8A OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933 AND SECTION 21C OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
MAKING FINDINGS, AND IMPOSING A 
CEASE-AND-DESIST ORDER  
  
I. 
 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”) deems it appropriate that cease-
and-desist proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act 
of 1933 (“Securities Act”) and Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange 
Act”), against Super Micro Computer, Inc. (“Super Micro” or “Respondent”).   
 
 2 
II. 
 
 In anticipation of the institution of these proceedings, Respondent has submitted an Offer 
of Settlement (the “Offer”) which the Commission has determined to accept.  Solely for the 
purpose of these proceedings and any other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the 
Commission, or to which the Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings 
herein, except as to the Commission’s jurisdiction over it and the subject matter of these 
proceedings, which are admitted, Respondent consents to the entry of this Order Instituting Cease-
and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21C of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings, and Imposing a Cease-and-Desist Order 
(“Order”), as set forth below. 
 
III. 
 
 On the basis of this Order and Respondent’s Offer, the Commission finds1 that:  
 
Summary 
 
1. Super Micro Computer, Inc., a producer of computer servers headquartered in 
California, engaged in improper accounting—prematurely recognizing revenue and understating 
expenses from at least fiscal year (“FY”) 2015 through FY 2017.2  As a result, Super Micro filed 
with the Commission materially misstated financial statements in its annual, quarterly and current 
reports during the period. 
 
2. Super Micro’s executives pushed employees to maximize end-of-quarter revenue 
and minimize expenses, without devising and maintaining sufficient internal accounting controls to 
record revenue and expenses in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
(“GAAP”).  Super Micro improperly accelerated revenue recognition and reporting by:  (1) 
recognizing revenue before delivering the goods to customers; (2) sending goods to customers 
prior to the customer-specified delivery date; (3) improperly changing the shipment terms to a 
large Super Micro customer in order to recognize revenue upon shipment rather than when the 
goods were delivered to the customer; (4) recognizing revenue with respect to transactions that 
included customer acceptance terms before the customers had accepted the goods; (5) sending 
incomplete or mis-assembled goods to customers at the end of quarters; (6) recognizing revenue on 
sales to a large distributor upon shipment, when the revenue should have been recognized when 
Super Micro received payment from the distributor; (7) holding the bill of lading for certain 
                                                 
1  The findings herein are made pursuant to Respondent’s Offer of Settlement and are not 
binding on any other person or entity in this or any other proceeding.   
2  Each of Super Micro’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K 
beginning with the period ended September 30, 2014 through the period ended March 31, 
2017 contained materially misstated financial statements.  The Company’s current reports 
on Form 8-K, announcing the financial and operational results for each of these periods, 
along with the current report filed on August 3, 2017, announcing results for the year 
ended June 30, 2017, also contained materially misstated financial information. 
 3 
overseas customers and thus preventing the customers from taking possession of the goods as a 
means to ensure payment, but nevertheless improperly recognizing the revenue upon shipment; 
and (8) recognizing certain extended warranty revenue at the time of sale, rather than amortizing 
the revenue over the length of the warranty. 
 
3. Super Micro also improperly under-reported certain expenses by misusing its 
cooperative marketing program to pay a variety of unrelated expenses, such as warehousing costs 
for goods at quarter end, shipping costs, and product repair costs.  Super Micro employees also 
submitted claims for funds to which Super Micro was not entitled in connection with a vendor’s 
cooperative marketing program.  In addition, Super Micro over-valued inventory and under-stated 
expenses by failing to reduce inventory and record an associated expense in instances where Super 
Micro no longer held the inventory for sale. 
 
4. Accordingly, Super Micro violated certain antifraud, reporting, books and records, 
and internal accounting controls provisions of the federal securities laws.   
 
Respondent 
 
5. Super Micro is a global producer of computer servers and equipment, incorporated 
in Delaware, with its principal place of business in San Jose, California.  Super Micro’s securities 
are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.  The company’s fiscal year ends on June 
30.  Super Micro’s shares currently trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.  Because of 
Super Micro’s pervasive accounting, reporting and internal accounting control issues, Super Micro 
was unable to file periodic reports for nearly two years and, as a result, trading in the company’s 
stock was suspended in August 2018 and the stock was then delisted from March 2019 through 
January 2020.  During the relevant period, Super Micro offered and sold stock to its employees 
pursuant to registration statements on Forms S-8 dated April 26, 2007 and April 22, 2016.   
 
Facts 
 
A. Premature Revenue Recognition and Reporting 
 
6. In determining whether to recognize and report revenue during the relevant period, 
GAAP required public companies to consider whether (1) the revenue is realized or realizable; and 
(2) the revenue is earned.  Consistent with GAAP, Super Micro’s revenue recognition policy 
provides that revenue is realized and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (a) 
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (b) delivery has occurred or services have been 
rendered; (c) the seller’s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (d) collectability is 
reasonably assured. 
 
7. Super Micro executives pressed employees to maximize revenue at the end of 
quarters but failed to devise and maintain sufficient internal accounting controls with respect to 
proper revenue recognition.  For instance, Super Micro delegated responsibility for identifying 
sales terms that may affect revenue recognition to salespeople without training them on revenue 
recognition.  During the period from at least FY 2015 through the end of FY 2017, Super Micro 
 4 
systemically recognized, recorded in its books and records, and reported revenue prematurely by 
engaging in the following improper practices. 
 
Premature Revenue Recognition Prior to Customer Delivery 
 
8. Super Micro engaged in a number of transactions where it recognized revenue prior 
to customer delivery in order to maximize revenue at the end of quarters.  In certain instances, 
Super Micro employees sent goods to warehouses or other storage facilities controlled by third 
parties at quarter-end and paid for the storage fees until the goods were delivered to its customer.  
In other instances, Super Micro asked its freight forwarders to hold the goods until the date that the 
customer was prepared to accept the goods, rather than ship and deliver them on the date agreed to 
with the customer.  There also were instances where Super Micro recorded revenue although goods 
remained at its own warehouse.  
 
9. For example, Super Micro asked a distributor customer to agree to accept 
approximately $104,000 of goods before the end of FY 2015 in order to recognize revenue during 
that period.  The customer, however, did not need additional product at the time and did not have 
space for the product.  Super Micro ultimately arranged to pay for trailers where the goods would 
be stored.  At least some of the goods remained in the trailers for approximately six months.   
 
10. In addition, a different customer requested that Super Micro deliver nearly 
$800,000 worth of goods by mid-January 2015.  Super Micro requested that its freight forwarder 
pick up the goods before the end of December 2014, and improperly recorded the sale in the 
second quarter of FY 2015.  Super Micro employees instructed its freight forwarder to unload the 
goods at the freight forwarder’s dock and then deliver the goods to the customer two weeks later.  
 
11. In another instance, a Super Micro salesperson stored a small amount of goods in 
her car when Super Micro’s customer was unable to pick up the goods by the end of the quarter, 
yet Super Micro improperly recognized the revenue on the last day of the quarter.   
 
12. In all of these transactions and other similar transactions, Super Micro improperly 
recorded revenue upon shipment from its own facility but prior to customer delivery or, in a few 
instances, before the goods even left its facility.  Recognizing the revenue was not in conformity 
with GAAP. 
 
Improper Recognition of Revenue Upon Shipment of Goods Without Customer Authorization 
 
13. Super Micro—at the end of quarters—shipped goods on multiple occasions prior to 
the delivery dates agreed with, or specified by, its customers in order to record and recognize the 
revenue prior to quarter-end.   
 
14. For example, at the end of FY 2017, Super Micro shipped product to a customer 
who had not wanted the goods delivered for another month.  A few days after the shipment, the 
customer stated “Please reject this shipment . . . Why are you shipping this now?”  In response, the 
Super Micro salesperson requested “Can you please help to approve this shipment to help with our 
 5 
quarter end?  I was instructed by our management to push all the orders out before our quarter end 
which is also our year end. . . . we will just need your special support for this time.”  The customer 
again rejected the request.  Nevertheless, the revenue was improperly recognized at the time of 
shipment. 
 
15. Similarly, on the last day of FY 2017, Super Micro shipped more than $278,000 of 
goods to a customer.  In the days preceding the shipment, Super Micro employees repeatedly asked 
the customer to allow the goods to ship, although the employees understood that the customer did 
not have space for the goods.  Ultimately, the customer instructed Super Micro not to ship out the 
goods until early July 2017.  A Super Micro employee, however, informed the customer that the 
goods had already been shipped and Super Micro improperly recorded the revenue in the fourth 
quarter of FY 2017. 
 
16. In another example, at the end of the second quarter of FY 2017, a distributor 
customer indicated that over $250,000 of goods could not be shipped absent its authorization.  A 
Super Micro employee still shipped the goods before quarter-end.  The customer’s representative 
complained that “no one can command you to process [our] order w/o our permission.”  Super 
Micro improperly recognized the revenue in the second quarter of FY 2017.   
 
17. Super Micro’s recognition of revenue when it shipped goods in contravention of 
customer instructions did not conform with GAAP.  
 
Improper Recognition of Revenue Upon Shipment to a Large Super Micro Customer Where the 
Parties’ Shipping Terms Required Revenue to Be Recognized Upon Delivery 
 
18. From at least 2014 through 2017, purchase orders submitted by a large Super Micro 
customer specified “FOB Destination” as the shipping terms.  Sales with FOB Destination 
shipping terms are not realized or earned until delivery has occurred at the customer-designated 
location and title to the goods has passed to the customer.  Super Micro, however, improperly 
recorded revenue upon shipment to the customer. 
19. Many shipments to this customer occurred near the end of quarters.  During most 
quarters over the relevant period, Super Micro’s employees sent emails to the customer’s 
employees, purporting to change the shipping terms to “ex works”, which generally means that the 
goods and title would pass to the customer when picked up at Super Micro’s warehouse.  The 
emails purporting to change the shipping terms, however, were often sent to the customer after the 
goods had been shipped and the quarter had ended.  Indeed, in many instances, the purported 
change in terms occurred after the customer had already received the goods—i.e., after the 
question of who would bear the risk of loss while the goods were in transit was moot.   
20. In addition, on one occasion a lower-level sales employee fabricated an email 
purporting to be from this customer, stating that Super Micro could use “ex works” shipping terms 
for open, current and future orders.  The email was used by Super Micro to recognize revenue upon 
shipment during several periods.  
 
 6 
21. In addition to these problems with the timing, and authenticity, of emails purporting 
to change shipping terms, the emails were insufficient to override the customer’s purchase order 
terms and conditions and allow for both the transfer of title and risk of loss at the point of shipment 
under GAAP.  For all of these reasons, revenue should not have been recognized upon shipment. 
 
22. From FY 2015 through FY 2017, Super Micro prematurely recognized more than 
$45 million in revenue in connection with sales to this customer.   
 
Improper Recognition of Revenue Before Obtaining Customer Acceptance 
 
23. A number of Super Micro’s agreements with customers included acceptance 
clauses, meaning that customer acceptance was a condition of the customer’s obligation to pay for 
the goods.  Under GAAP, revenue is considered to be earned when the seller has substantially 
accomplished what it must do to be entitled to the revenue.  Accordingly, where an agreement 
contains a substantive customer acceptance clause, permitting customers to return the goods if they 
did not meet the customer’s specifications, revenue generally should not be recognized until Super 
Micro received confirmation of customer acceptance, the customer acceptance provision lapsed, 
or, alternatively, Super Micro received payment from the customer. 
24. Super Micro’s internal accounting control for tracking customers with acceptance 
clauses, and for determining whether those clauses had been satisfied, was lacking for two reasons.  
First, Super Micro had no adequate process to identify customers with acceptance clauses.  
Acceptance clauses included in purchase orders or other transactional documents that evidenced 
the arrangements that Super Micro had with its customers were identified on an ad hoc basis by 
operations and sales employees who did not receive proper training or guidance on this topic.  
Second, even in instances where Super Micro was aware of customer acceptance provisions, the 
determination of whether the condition was satisfied was reached haphazardly.  The decision was 
typically based on discussions between members of the finance group and sales personnel who did 
not receive any relevant training from Super Micro.  As a result, Super Micro recognized revenue 
in connection with numerous sales before it received customer acceptance.  
Improper Recognition of Revenue Upon Shipment of Goods That Were Incomplete or Mis-
Assembled 
 
25. Super Micro also improperly recognized revenue for products that it sold where 
employees knew the goods were incomplete or mis-assembled at the time of shipment.  The goods 
were shipped to customers at the end of quarters and Super Micro improperly recognized the 
revenue before quarter-end.   
26. For example, at the end of FY 2016, Super Micro prematurely recognized $384,000 
of revenue, while failing to ship certain products that were part of the customer’s purchase order.  
In an email sent several months later concerning shipment of the missing parts, a Super Micro 
employee explained “[d]ue to time constraint to meet June’16 year-end revenue target” certain 
goods were not originally shipped.  The employee went on to explain that “if we ship the accessory 
package [that the customer had ordered], we would miss the June year-end revenue.”  
 7 
27. In a second example, Super Micro sent a $4 million order to a new customer 
towards the end of the same quarter.  While the goods were in transit, the customer informed Super 
Micro that the product included a wrong component.  As a result of the error, the products were 
shipped to a warehouse where they remained until Super Micro corrected the error.  Super Micro 
employees were required to spend significant time and effort over the following nearly two months 
to resolve the issue.  Nevertheless, Super Micro recognized the sale at the end of FY 2016.   
28. In another instance, Super Micro wanted to ship goods to a customer at the end of 
the second quarter of FY 2016.  However, Super Micro was unable to get all of the units to 
function properly before quarter end.  In order to recognize the revenue in the second quarter of FY 
2016, a Super Micro sales employee instructed Super Micro employees to put green stickers on 
eight mis-assembled units.  At the time of shipment, the sales employee knew that Super Micro 
might have to take back and repair or replace the tagged units.  
29. Because Super Micro had not satisfied all of the necessary elements to recognize 
revenue under GAAP, Super Micro prematurely recognized revenue in these and other similar 
circumstances.  
Improper Recognition of Revenue Upon Shipment to a Large Super Micro Distributor  
30. Super Micro had a distributor customer to which it sold hundreds of millions of 
dollars in products from FY 2015 to FY 2017.  The distributor, however, was consistently unable 
to pay within its payment terms—its payables were often many months past due.  Super Micro 
received information on multiple occasions that the distributor’s ability to pay was tied to its 
receipt of funds from its own customers (i.e., end-customers). 
31. Numerous Super Micro employees, including executives, were aware of the 
distributor’s delayed payments and the fact that the distributor could not pay Super Micro until it 
sold the products to end-customers and received payment from those customers.   
32. In light of these facts, under GAAP, Super Micro was required to recognize revenue 
when it received payments from its distributor customer.  Super Micro, however, prematurely 
recognized more than $150 million in total revenue at the time of shipment from FY 2015 through 
FY 2017. 
Improper Recognition of Revenue While Holding Customers’ Bills of Lading 
33. Super Micro improperly recognized revenue while holding certain customers’ bills 
of lading.  When Super Micro shipped goods to certain countries—primarily Russia and other 
Eastern European countries—Super Micro requested that the freight forwarders return the bills of 
lading to it.  Super Micro then held the bills of lading until it received payment (either partial or in 
full) from its customers. 
34. A bill of lading is a shipping document that allows a customer to clear products 
through customs.  Absent a bill of lading, a customer ordinarily cannot take possession of the 
goods.  Super Micro’s practice was meant to ensure that Super Micro was paid by customers that 
had not paid in advance.   
 8 
35. In instances where Super Micro prevented customers from taking possession of 
goods until payment was received, revenue was not realized or realizable at the time of shipment 
under GAAP.  Accordingly, revenue should not have been recognized.   
Failure to Properly Account for Extended Warranties 
36. Super Micro offered its customers the ability to purchase extended warranties on its 
products.  At times, these warranties were purchased separately from the cost of Super Micro 
products and listed separately on invoices.  With respect to certain types of products sold by Super 
Micro, however, customers received an extended warranty covering periods ranging from one to 
five years beyond the standard warranty, the cost for which was built into the price of the hardware 
products purchased.  These warranties were not explicitly listed in the invoice, purchase order or 
any other documents provided to accounting. 
37. Until 2015, Super Micro did not have any internal accounting control or process to 
identify products that included embedded warranties.  Salespeople and members of the operations 
team did not receive training on how to identify embedded warranties.   
38. Under GAAP, companies must account for revenue as earned, which for extended 
warranties is ratably over the duration of the warranty term.  Super Micro, instead, recognized all 
of the extended warranty revenue upfront.  Accordingly, Super Micro prematurely recognized all 
revenue from embedded extended warranties at the time of sale. 
B. Super Micro Understated Certain Expenses 
Misuse of Cooperative Marketing Funds  
39. Super Micro’s customers often were entitled to cooperative, or “co-op”, marketing 
funds based on their purchases of product from Super Micro.  As Super Micro stated in its SEC 
filings, as well as in its internal written policies, these funds were to be used for co-op marketing 
activities undertaken by Super Micro’s customers.  The customers were entitled to receive 
reimbursement for a portion of the cost of these activities.   
40. At the time of each sale to customers who were entitled to receive co-op marketing 
funds, Super Micro accrued a liability and recorded an offsetting debit to contra revenue and 
marketing expense.  These liabilities were to pay for future marketing activities that customers 
would perform.  In reality, however, Super Micro improperly reduced the liabilities to avoid 
recognizing a variety of expenses unrelated to marketing.   
41. Super Micro used co-op marketing funds, without customer approval, for a variety 
of purposes unrelated to marketing.  For instance, Super Micro misused these funds to (a) pay 
shipping costs that were the responsibility of Super Micro; (b) pay to store goods at third-party 
facilities when customers were not prepared or willing to accept the goods before quarter-end; (c) 
recoup Super Micro losses in connection with goods that had been returned by customers (e.g., in 
instances where the replacement products were more expensive); (d) pay for product repair costs 
requested by customers that had extended warranties; (e) pay for Christmas gifts given to 
 9 
customers; (f) cover customer short-pays (i.e., instances where invoices were not paid in full); and 
(g) pay for installation services that Super Micro performed for its customers.   
42. In using co-op marketing funds for purposes unrelated to marketing, Super Micro 
understated its expenses and liabilities.  Specifically, Super Micro should have recorded expenses 
when it incurred costs unrelated to marketing.  Instead, Super Micro reduced its co-op marketing 
liability account and did not record any expense.   
43. Separately, in connection with one of its vendor’s co-op marketing programs (under 
which Super Micro was entitled to receive co-op marketing funds), Super Micro employees 
submitted claims for approximately $660,000 to which Super Micro was not entitled.  As a result 
of this conduct, Super Micro understated its expenses and overstated its income from at least FY 
2013 through FY 2015. 
Overvaluation of Inventory  
44. Super Micro engaged in two additional practices over the course of several years 
that systemically overstated inventory and understated expenses in Super Micro’s books and 
records and publicly reported financial statements.  First, Super Micro failed to reduce inventory 
and record a research and development expense when its engineers used inventory for internal 
purposes, as was required by GAAP.  Second, Super Micro improperly continued to keep 
inventory on its books that had been provided to customers for testing purposes even when those 
products were never returned, as well as instances where it shipped items as replacement products 
to its customers.  These practices resulted in an understatement of cost of sales and overstatement 
of gross profit.   
C. Super Micro’s Material Weaknesses  
45. On May 17, 2019, Super Micro filed its FY 2017 Form 10-K.  In that filing, the 
company disclosed numerous material weaknesses in its Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  
These material weaknesses prevented Super Micro from recording transactions as necessary to 
permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 
46. The company’s material weaknesses included: 
a. Aggressively focusing on quarterly revenue without sufficient focus on 
compliance; 
b. A failure by senior management to establish and promote a control 
environment with an appropriate tone of compliance and control 
consciousness throughout the entire company; 
c. An inappropriate tone at the top; and 
d. A failure to hire personnel who had appropriate levels of knowledge and 
experience or to provide adequate training to its personnel. 
 10 
D. Super Micro was Required to Restate Years’ Worth of Financial Statements Included 
in Commission Filings  
47. On August 3, 2017, Super Micro filed a Form 8-K with the Commission, 
announcing its operating and financial results for the fourth quarter of FY 2017.  Several weeks 
later, Super Micro announced that it would be unable to file its FY 2017 Form 10-K on time and, 
on September 15, 2017, it disclosed that it was performing an audit committee review to permit its 
auditor to complete its audit of the financial statements.  In November 2018, Super Micro 
determined that its previously filed financial statements from FYs 2015 through 2017 could not be 
relied upon.  Super Micro did not file any annual or quarterly reports from the time it filed its Form 
10-Q for the third quarter of FY 2017 until May 2019, when Super Micro filed its FY 2017 Form 
10-K.   
48. As a result of Super Micro’s inability to file any financial statements for nearly two 
years, the company’s stock was suspended from trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market and then 
de-listed. 
49. In May 2019, Super Micro filed its Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017 
and amended its Form 10-Q filings to restate its financial statements for the first three quarters of 
fiscal 2017.  The FY 2017 Form 10-K also restated the financial statements for fiscal years 2015 
and 2016.  The restatements substantially impacted the company’s revenue/net sales, gross profits, 
operating income and net income previously recorded in its books and records and previously 
reported in its filings with the Commission.   
50. Since discovering and correcting these financial statement errors, Super Micro 
improved its internal controls and reorganized its management team.  In January 2020, Super 
Micro’s stock was relisted on the Nasdaq Global Market. 
51. The net effects of Super Micro’s restatement are outlined in the charts below.3   
                                                 
3  The “net” effects represent the impact when reporting all errors in their proper periods.  
The gross effects of Super Micro’s errors in any individual period are substantially larger, as 
revenue that was improperly and prematurely recognized in one period was corrected and 
recognized in later periods.   
 11 
FY 2015 (ending 6/30/2015) (in 000s) 
 
 As Reported As Restated % Change 
Net Sales 1,991,155 1,954,353 (1.88%) 
Income from 
Operations 
146,746 132,646 (10.63%) 
FY 2016 (ending 6/30/2016) (in 000s) 
 
 As Reported As Restated % Change 
Net Sales 2,215,573 2,225,022 0.42% 
Income from 
Operations 
106,850 107,491 0.60% 
 
2017 (ending 6/30/2017) (in 000s) 
 
 As Reported4 As Restated % Change 
Net Sales 2,529,915 2,484,929 (1.81%) 
Income from 
Operations 
101,877 94,875 (7.38%) 
 
Super Micro’s Remedial Efforts 
 
52. In determining to accept the Offer, the Commission considered remedial acts 
undertaken by Respondent.  
Violations 
 
53. As a result of the conduct described above, Super Micro violated Section 17(a)(2) 
and (3) of the Securities Act, which prohibit any person from directly or indirectly obtaining 
money or property by means of any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission to state a 
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under 
which they were made, not misleading, or engaging in any transaction, practice, or course of 
business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser, in the offer or 
sales of securities. 
54. As a result of the conduct described above, Super Micro also violated Section 13(a) 
of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11 and 13a-13 thereunder, which require issuers 
to file accurate annual, current and quarterly reports, which include such further information as 
may be necessary to make the required statements not misleading. 
                                                 
4  The FY 2017 reported amounts include fourth quarter FY 2017 net sales and income 
from operations reported in Super Micro’s Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2017. 
 12 
55. As a result of the conduct described above, Super Micro also violated Section 
13(b)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to make and keep books, records, and 
accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the issuer’s transactions and 
disposition of assets. 
56. As a result of the conduct described above, Super Micro also violated Section 
13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to devise and maintain a system of 
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that:  transactions are 
executed in accordance with management’s general and specific authorization; transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP or 
any other criteria applicable to such statements, and to maintain accountability for assets; access to 
assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization; and 
the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals 
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 
IV. 
 
 In view of the foregoing, the Commission deems it appropriate to impose the sanctions 
agreed to in Respondent Super Micro’s Offer. 
 
 Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED that: 
 
 A. Pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act and Section 21C of the Exchange Act, 
Respondent Super Micro cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future 
violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and (3) of the Securities Act and Sections 13(a), 13(b)(2)(A), and 
13(b)(2)(B), of the Exchange Act and Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-11, and 13a-13 thereunder.   
 
B. Respondent shall, within 10 days of the entry of this Order, pay a civil money 
penalty in the amount of $17,500,000.00 to the Securities and Exchange Commission.  If timely 
payment is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to 31 U.S.C. §3717.   
 
Payment must be made in one of the following ways:   
 
(1) Respondent may transmit payment electronically to the Commission, which 
will provide detailed ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon request;  
 
(2) Respondent may make direct payment from a bank account via Pay.gov 
through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm; or  
 
(3) Respondent may pay by certified check, bank cashier’s check, or United 
States postal money order, made payable to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and hand-delivered or mailed to:  
 
Enterprise Services Center 
Accounts Receivable Branch 
HQ Bldg., Room 181, AMZ-341 
 13 
6500 South MacArthur Boulevard 
Oklahoma City, OK 73169 
 
Payments by check or money order must be accompanied by a cover letter identifying 
Super Micro Computer, Inc. as a Respondent in these proceedings, and the file number of these 
proceedings; a copy of the cover letter and check or money order must be sent to Lisa Deitch, 
Division of Enforcement, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F St., NE, Washington, DC 
20549-5010.   
 
 C.  Pursuant to Section 308(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, a Fair Fund is 
created for the penalties referenced in paragraph IV.B above.  Amounts ordered to be paid as civil 
money penalties pursuant to this Order shall be treated as penalties paid to the government for all 
purposes, including all tax purposes.  To preserve the deterrent effect of the civil penalty, 
Respondent agrees that in any Related Investor Action, it shall not argue that it is entitled to, nor 
shall it benefit by, offset or reduction of any award of compensatory damages by the amount of any 
part of Respondent’s payment of a civil penalty in this action ("Penalty Offset").  If the court in any 
Related Investor Action grants such a Penalty Offset, Respondent agrees that it shall, within 30 
days after entry of a final order granting the Penalty Offset, notify the Commission's counsel in this 
action and pay the amount of the Penalty Offset to the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Such 
a payment shall not be deemed an additional civil penalty and shall not be deemed to change the 
amount of the civil penalty imposed in this proceeding.  For purposes of this paragraph, a "Related 
Investor Action" means a private damages action brought against Respondent by or on behalf of 
one or more investors based on substantially the same facts as alleged in the Order instituted by the 
Commission in this proceeding. 
 
 
 By the Commission. 
 
 
Vanessa A. Countryman 
Secretary 