6-K
1
d326123d6k.htm
6-K
6-K
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 6-K
REPORT OF
FOREIGN ISSUER
Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
March 2, 2022
Commission File Number 000-12033
LM ERICSSON TELEPHONE COMPANY
(Translation of registrant’s name into English)
Torshamnsgatan 21, Kista
SE-164 83, Stockholm, Sweden
(Address of principal executive offices)
Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F
☒ Form 40-F ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by
Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ☐
Announcement of LM Ericsson Telephone Company, March 2,
2022 regarding “Update on Deferred Prosecution Agreement”.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
T ELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM E RICSSON (publ)
By: | /s/ XAVIER DEDULLEN
Xavier Dedullen
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer
By: | /s/ CARL MELLANDER
Carl Mellander
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Date: March 2, 2022
PRESS RELEASE March 02, 2022
Update on Deferred Prosecution Agreement
On December 6, 2019, Ericsson entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the United States Department of Justice (DOJ). On March 1,
2022, the DOJ informed Ericsson that the disclosure made by the company prior to the DPA about its internal investigation into conduct in Iraq in the period 2011 until 2019 was insufficient. Furthermore, it determined that the company breached the
DPA by failing to make subsequent disclosure related to the investigation post-DPA. The company is in communication with the DOJ regarding the facts and circumstances of the breach determination and is
committed to co-operating with the DOJ to resolve the matter.
At this stage it is premature to predict the
outcome of this matter.
Comments about the Iraq investigation
Based on our current review, we believe the situation described in the media reports on the conduct of Ericsson employees, vendors and suppliers in Iraq, going
back to 2011 is covered by Ericsson’s 2019 internal investigation.
As previously disclosed in our press release on February 15, 2022, Ericsson
invested significant time and resources to understand these matters. The investments we have made in our Ethics & Compliance program enabled us to identify and investigate the misconduct in Iraq. The 2019 investigation, which was supported
by external legal counsel, conducted over the course of a year, and involved the collection and review of a large amount of information, found serious breaches of compliance rules and the Code of Business Ethics.
The investigation could not identify that any Ericsson employee was directly involved in financing terrorist organizations. Based on our current assessment of
the media reports, we do not believe they change this conclusion. We reiterate our commitment to investigate and take action to address any new information, including further investigation as appropriate.
As a result of the investigation, several employees were exited from the company and multiple other disciplinary and other remedial actions were taken. This
included closing gaps in our internal processes in the region and incorporating lessons from the investigation into our ethics and compliance program. Furthermore, Ericsson terminated a number of third-party relationships and prioritized the Iraq
country business for enhanced training and awareness activities, policies and procedures, and third-party management processes.
The Company has
previously acknowledged publicly that it had failed to implement sufficient internal controls, including internal controls designed to deter and detect corruption. Over the last years, Ericsson has made significant investments in compliance which
has enabled the company to uncover and address past misconduct. Since the beginning of 2017 when we started the turnaround of our company, we have invested extensively in enhanced compliance systems and processes. We work hard to build a better
Ericsson focused on safeguarding a strong ethical and compliant culture throughout the entire company. We continue to invest significant resources to improve our ethics and compliance program and our speak-up
culture to help prevent future misconduct.
1 (2)
PRESS RELEASE March 02, 2022
Ericsson is under a compliance monitorship and the deferred prosecution agreement with the US Department of
Justice remains in effect.
MORE INFORMATION AT:
Contact person
Peter Nyquist, Head of Investor Relations
Phone: +46 705 75 29 06
E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.com
Additional contacts
Stella Medlicott, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Corporate Relations
Phone: +46 730 95 65 39
E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.com
Media
Corporate Communications
Phone: +46 10 719 69 92
E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.com
This is information that Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted
for publication, through the agency of the contact person set out above, at 05:45 CET on March 2, 2022.
2 (2)