 
 EX-99.1
 2
 tm2616467d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1
 Exhibit 99.1 
 | 
 | Brookfield Corporation
(the “Corporation”)
Annual and Special Meeting
July 16, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. (Toronto time)
meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-646-230-201,
Password: brookfield2026 (case sensitive)
(the “Meeting”)
Proxy Voting – Guidelines and Conditions
1. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE MANAGEMENT OF THE
CORPORATION.
2. THIS PROXY SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE MEETING
MATERIALS PRIOR TO VOTING.
3. If you appoint the Management Nominees indicated on the reverse to vote on
your behalf, they must also vote in accordance with your instructions or, if no
instructions are given, in accordance with the Voting Recommendations
highlighted for each Resolution on the reverse. If you appoint someone else to
vote your securities, they will also vote in accordance with your instructions or,
if no instructions are given, as they in their discretion choose.
4. This proxy confers discretionary authority on the person named to vote in their
discretion with respect to amendments or variations to the matters identified in the
Notice of the Meeting accompanying the proxy or such other matters which may
properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
5. The securityholder has a right to appoint a person or company to represent the
securityholder at the meeting other than the person or company designated in
the form of proxy. Such right may be exercised by inserting, on the reverse of this
form, in the space labeled “Please print appointee name”, the name of the person to
be appointed, who need not be a securityholder of the Corporation.
6. To be valid, this proxy must be signed. Please date the proxy. If the proxy is not dated,
it is deemed to bear the date of its mailing to the securityholders of the Corporation.
7. To be valid, this proxy must be filed using one of the Voting Methods and must be
received by TSX Trust Company before the Filing Deadline for Proxy, noted on the
reverse or in the case of any adjournment or postponement of the meeting not less
than 48 hours (Saturdays, Sundays and holidays excepted) before the time of the
adjourned or postponed meeting. Late proxies may be accepted or rejected by the
Chair of the meeting in their discretion, and the Chair is under no obligation to accept
or reject any particular late proxy.
8. If the holder is a corporation, the proxy must be executed by an officer or attorney
thereof duly authorized, and the holder may be required to provide documentation
evidencing the signatory’s power to sign the proxy.
9. Guidelines for proper execution of the proxy are available at www.stac.ca. Please refer
to the Proxy Protocol.
Electronic Delivery
If you are a registered securityholder and wish to enroll for electronic delivery
for future issuer communications including meeting related materials, financial
statements, DRS, etc., where applicable, you may do so:
1. After you vote online at https://www.meeting-vote.com using your 13-digit
control number.
2. Through TSX Trust’s online portal, Investor Central. You may log in or
enroll at services.tsxtrust.com/edelivery
For assistance, please contact TSX TRUST INVESTOR SERVICES.
Mail: 301 - 100 Adelaide Street West Toronto, ON, M5H 4H1
Tel: 1-800-387-0825 or 416-682-3860
Email: shareholderinquiries@tmx.com
Investor Central
TSX Trust Company offers at no cost to holders, the convenience of secure 24-
hour access to all data relating to their account including summary of holdings,
transaction history, and links to valuable holder forms and Frequently Asked
Questions.
To register, please visit: https://www.tsxtrust.com/icreg and complete the
registration form.
VOTING METHOD
INTERNET Go to https://www.meeting-vote.com and
enter the 13 digit control numbers above
SCAN AND EMAIL proxyvote@tmx.com
TELEPHONE 1-888-489-7352
FAX 416-607-7962
MAIL or HAND DELIVERY TSX Trust Company
BY MAIL: Proxy Department, P.O. Box 721,
Agincourt, ON M1S 0A1
BY HAND: 301 - 100 Adelaide
Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H
4H1
Notice-and-Access
The Canadian securities regulators have adopted rules which permit the use of
notice-and-access for proxy solicitation instead of the traditional physical delivery
of material. This process provides the option to post meeting related materials
including management information circulars as well as annual financial statements
and management's discussion and analysis, on a website in addition to EDGAR
and SEDAR+. Under notice-and-access, meeting related materials will be available
for viewing for up to 1 year from the date of posting and a paper copy of the material
can be requested at any time during this period.
Disclosure regarding each matter or group of matters to be voted on is set out in
the Management Information Circular (the "Circular") of the Corporation dated June
5, 2026 in the section with the same title as each resolution on the reverse. You
should review the Circular before voting.
Brookfield Corporation has elected to utilize notice-and-access and provide
you with the following information:
Meeting materials are available electronically at www.sec.gov/edgar,
www.sedarplus.ca and also at https://bn.brookfield.com under "News &
Events."
If you wish to receive a paper copy of the meeting materials or have
questions about notice-and-access, please call 1-866-989-0311 or e-mail
bn.enquiries@brookfield.com. In order to receive a paper copy in time to
vote before the meeting, your request should be received by June 29, 2026. 
 | 
 | 
 | RESOLUTIONS - VOTING RECOMMENDATIONS ARE INDICATED BY HIGHLIGHTED TEXT ABOVE THE BOXES
Brookfield Corporation
(the “Corporation”)
Annual and Special Meeting
July 16, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. (Toronto time)
meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-646-230-201,
Password: brookfield2026 (case sensitive)
SECURITY CLASS: CLASS A RECORD DATE: May 29, 2026 FILING DEADLINE FOR PROXY: July 14, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time)
The undersigned hereby appoints Frank J. McKenna, or failing him Brian D. Lawson (the “Management Nominees”), or instead of any of them, the following
Appointee
as proxyholder on behalf of the undersigned with the power of substitution to attend, act and vote for and on behalf of the undersigned in respect of all matters
that may properly come before the meeting and at any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof, to the same extent and with the same power as if the
undersigned were personally present at the said meeting or such adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof in accordance with voting instructions, if any,
provided below.
APPOINTEES
Please print appointee name
FORM OF PROXY (“PROXY”)
Signature of registered owner(s) Date (MM/DD/YYYY)
This proxy revokes and supersedes all earlier dated proxies and MUST BE SIGNED
PLEASE PRINT NAME
- SEE VOTING GUIDELINES ON REVERSE -
1. Election of Directors FOR WITHHOLD
a) M. Elyse Allan
b) Janice Fukakusa
c) Frank J. McKenna
d) Satish C. Rai
e) Ang Eng Seng
f) Maureen Kempston Darkes
g) Hutham S. Olayan
h) Diana L. Taylor
2. Appointment of Auditor FOR WITHHOLD
Appointment of Deloitte LLP as Auditor of the Corporation for the ensuing year and authorizing the Directors to fix their remuneration.
3. Say on Pay Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the Say on Pay Resolution set out in the Circular.
4. Transaction Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the Transaction Resolution set out in the Transaction Supplement to the Circular.
5. New BN Share Option Plan Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the New BN Share Option Plan Resolution set out in the Transaction Supplement to the Circular.
6. New BN Escrowed Stock Plan Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the New BN Escrowed Stock Plan Resolution set out in the Transaction Supplement to the Circular.
7. New BNC Escrowed Stock Plan Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the New BNC Escrowed Stock Plan Resolution as set out in the Transaction Supplement to the Circular.
8. New BNC Share Option Plan Resolution FOR AGAINST
Approval of the New BNC Share Option Plan Resolution as set out in the Transaction Supplement to the Circular.
Interim Financial Statements – Mark this box if you would like to receive Interim Financial Statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
You may also go to TSX Trust’s website at services.tsxtrust.com/financialstatements and input code 0503.
Check this box if you wish to receive the selected financial statements
electronically or visit services.tsxtrust.com/edelivery to enroll.
(optional on the Issuer providing via email)
By providing my email address, I hereby acknowledge and consent to all provisions outlined
in the following: www.tsxtrust.com/consent-to-electronic-delivery
 EMAIL 
 | 
