 SEC.gov | SEC Charges NVIDIA Corporation with Inadequate Disclosures about Impact of Cryptomining Skip to search field Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. SEC homepage Menu Close Search SEC.gov & EDGAR Search Search Filings Search Filings Full Text Search Latest Filings Mutual Fund Search Variable Insurance Products Search SIC Codes CIK Lookup Public Dissemination Service (PDS) Search Assistance Submit Filings Submit Filings EDGAR Filer Management Portal EDGAR Filing Portal Online Forms Management Portal EDGAR Next Forms Index Filer Support & Resources Data & Research Data & Research SEC & Markets Data Taxonomies Statistics & Data Visualizations Investment Management Data Rules, Enforcement, & Compliance Rules & Regulations Rulemaking Activity Submit Public Comments Staff Guidance No-Action, Interpretive, and Exemptive Letters Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking Public Petitions for Rulemaking Enforcement & Litigation Litigation Releases Administrative Proceedings Administrative Law Judge Orders and Initial Decisions Trading Suspensions Distributions to Harmed Investors Receiverships Compliance Examination Priorities Risk Alerts Compliance Outreach Program Proposed Rules What's New Whistleblower Program Featured Topics Featured Topics Crypto Task Force Cybersecurity Market Structure Analytics Saving and Investing for Military Personnel Saving and Investing for Teachers SEC-CFTC Harmonization Initiative Treasury Clearing Implementation About About Mission Commissioners Divisions & Offices Division & Office Directors Advisory Committees Budget & Performance Reports & Publications Commission Votes Contact the SEC Careers Submit a Tip or Complaint Newsroom | Investors Small Businesses Whistleblowers Newsroom | Investors Small Businesses Whistleblowers Search SEC.gov & EDGAR Search More in this Section Newsroom Press Releases Speeches & Statements Meetings & Events Videos Social Media Directory Podcasts What's New Newsroom Press Releases Speeches & Statements Meetings & Events Videos Social Media Directory Podcasts What's New Home Newsroom Press Releases SEC Charges NVIDIA Corporation with Inadequate Disclosures about Impact of Cryptomining Press Release SEC Charges NVIDIA Corporation with Inadequate Disclosures about Impact of Cryptomining For Immediate Release 2022-79 Washington D.C., May 6, 2022 — The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced settled charges against technology company NVIDIA Corporation for inadequate disclosures concerning the impact of cryptomining on the company’s gaming business. The SEC’s order finds that, during consecutive quarters in NVIDIA’s fiscal year 2018, the company failed to disclose that cryptomining was a significant element of its material revenue growth from the sale of its graphics processing units (GPUs) designed and marketed for gaming. Cryptomining is the process of obtaining crypto rewards in exchange for verifying crypto transactions on distributed ledgers. As demand for and interest in crypto rose in 2017, NVIDIA customers increasingly used its gaming GPUs for cryptomining. In two of its Forms 10-Q for its fiscal year 2018, NVIDIA reported material growth in revenue within its gaming business. NVIDIA had information, however, that this increase in gaming sales was driven in significant part by cryptomining. Despite this, NVIDIA did not disclose in its Forms 10-Q, as it was required to do, these significant earnings and cash flow fluctuations related to a volatile business for investors to ascertain the likelihood that past performance was indicative of future performance. The SEC’s order also finds that NVIDIA’s omissions of material information about the growth of its gaming business were misleading given that NVIDIA did make statements about how other parts of the company’s business were driven by demand for crypto, creating the impression that the company’s gaming business was not significantly affected by cryptomining. “NVIDIA’s disclosure failures deprived investors of critical information to evaluate the company’s business in a key market,” said Kristina Littman, Chief of the SEC Enforcement Division’s Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit. “All issuers, including those that pursue opportunities involving emerging technology, must ensure that their disclosures are timely, complete, and accurate.” The SEC’s order finds that NVIDIA violated Section 17(a)(2) and (3) of the Securities Act of 1933 and the disclosure provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The order also finds that NVIDIA failed to maintain adequate disclosure controls and procedures. Without admitting or denying the SEC’s findings, NVIDIA agreed to a cease-and-desist order and to pay a $5.5 million penalty. The SEC’s investigation was conducted by Brent Wilner of the Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit, and supervised by Diana Tani and Ms. Littman of the Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit. ### Last Reviewed or Updated: May 6, 2022 Resources SEC Order Return to top SEC homepage About the SEC Budget & Performance Careers Commission Votes Contact Contracts Transparency Accessibility & Disability Artificial Intelligence FOIA Inspector General No FEAR Act Data Ombuds SEC Excess Personal Property Guidance Websites Investor.gov Related Sites USA.gov Site Information Plain Writing Privacy & Security Site Map Stay connected. Sign up for email updates. Your email address Sign Up X Facebook Instagram RSS YouTube Email Updates 