 | $ | 26.17 | $ | 22.20 | $ | 1.74 | $ | 10.34 | 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Overview
The Company’s primary source of cash is proceeds from the sale of its coal production to customers. The Company has also generated cash from the sale of non-strategic assets, including coal reserves, coal resources and surface lands, and, from time to time, borrowings under its credit facilities and the issuance of securities. The Company’s primary uses of cash include the cash costs of coal production, capital expenditures, coal reserve lease and royalty payments, debt service costs, finance and operating lease payments, early debt retirements, postretirement plans, take-or-pay obligations, post-mining reclamation obligations, collateral requirements, dividends, share repurchases and selling and administrative expenses.
Any future determinations to return capital to stockholders, such as dividends or share repurchases, will depend on a variety of factors, including the Company’s net income or other sources of cash, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as internal development projects or acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. The Company’s ability to early retire debt, declare dividends or repurchase shares in the future will depend on its future financial performance, which in turn depends on the successful implementation of its strategy and on financial, competitive, regulatory, technical and other factors, general economic conditions, demand for and selling prices of coal and other factors specific to its industry, many of which are beyond the Company’s control. 
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 67
 | 
Table of Contents
Liquidity
As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balances totaled $575.3 million, including approximately $413 million held by U.S. subsidiaries, approximately $150 million held by Australian subsidiaries and the remainder held by other foreign subsidiaries in accounts predominantly domiciled in the U.S. A significant majority of the cash held by the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is denominated in U.S. dollars. This cash is generally used to support non-U.S. liquidity needs, including capital and operating expenditures in Australia and payment of the foreign subsidiaries’ share of certain U.S. corporate expenditures. From time to time, the Company may repatriate profits from its foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. in the form of intercompany dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2025, no profits from foreign subsidiaries were repatriated. If foreign-held cash is repatriated in the future, the Company does not expect restrictions or potential taxes will have a material effect to its near-term liquidity. 
The Company’s available liquidity decreased to $942.1 million as of December 31, 2025 from $1,072.5 million as of December 31, 2024. Available liquidity was comprised of the following:
December 31, | 
2025 | 2024 | 
(Dollars in millions) | 
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 575.3 | $ | 700.4 | 
Revolving credit facility availability | 270.8 | 233.7 | 
Accounts receivable securitization program availability | 96.0 | 138.4 | 
Total liquidity | $ | 942.1 | $ | 1,072.5 | 
Capital Returns to Shareholders
The Company paid dividends of $36.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2025.
Surety Agreement Amendment and Collateral Requirements
In April 2023, the Company amended its existing agreement with the providers of its surety bond portfolio, dated November 6, 2020. Under the April 2023 amendment, the Company and its surety providers agreed to a maximum aggregate collateral amount based upon bonding levels which will vary prospectively as bonding levels increase or decrease. The amendment also extended the agreement through December 31, 2026. In order to maintain the maximum collateral agreement, the Company must remain compliant with a minimum liquidity test and a maximum net leverage ratio, as measured each quarter. The minimum liquidity test requires the Company to maintain liquidity at the greater of $400 million or the difference between the penal sum of all surety bonds and the amount of collateral posted in favor of surety providers, which was $487.3 million at December 31, 2025. The Company must also maintain a maximum net leverage ratio of 1.5 to 1.0, where the numerator consists of its funded debt, net of cash, and the denominator consists of its Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months. For purposes of calculating the ratio, only 50% of the outstanding principal amount of the Company’s 3.250% Convertible Senior Notes due March 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes) is deemed to be funded debt. The C
At December 31, 2025, the Company’s maximum aggregate collateral amount was $509.9 million, which was comprised of $383.6 million in trust accounts and letters of credit of $126.3 million held for the benefit of certain surety providers. 
Credit Support Facilities
In February 2022, the Company entered into an agreement, which provides up to $250.0 million of capacity for irrevocable standby letters of credit, primarily to support reclamation bonding requirements. The initial agreement required the Company to provide cash collateral at a level of 103% of the aggregate amount of letters of credit outstanding under the arrangement (limited to $5.0 million total excess collateralization.) Outstanding letters of credit bear a fixed fee in the amount of 0.75% per annum. The Company receives a variable deposit rate on the amount of cash collateral posted in support of letters of credit. The agreement was amended on November 3, 2025, to (i) extend the expiration date to December 31, 2030 and (ii) reduce the required minimum cash collateral amount to 102% of the aggregate amount of letters of credit outstanding under the agreement, provided that in the event the Company’s credit rating falls below certain thresholds, the minimum collateral amount shall increase to 103%. At December 31, 2025, letters of credit of $114.6 million were outstanding under the agreement, which were collateralized by cash of $116.9 million.
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 68
 | 
Table of Contents
In December 2023, the Company established cash-backed bank guarantee facilities, primarily to support Australian reclamation bonding requirements. The Company receives a variable deposit rate on the amount of cash collateral posted in support of the bank guarantee facilities, which mature at various dates between 2026 and 2029. At December 31, 2025, the bank guarantee facilities were backed by cash of $208.7 million.
Revolving Credit Facility
The Company established a revolving credit facility with a maximum aggregate principal amount of $320.0 million in revolving commitments by entering into a credit agreement, dated as of January 18, 2024 (the 2024 Credit Agreement), by and among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto.
The revolving commitments and any related loans, if applicable (any such loans, the Revolving Loans), established by the 2024 Credit Agreement terminate or mature, as applicable, on January 18, 2028, subject to certain conditions relating to the Company’s outstanding 2028 Convertible Notes. The Revolving Loans bear interest at a secured overnight financing rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 3.50% to 4.25%, depending on the Company’s total net leverage ratio (as defined under the 2024 Credit Agreement) or a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.50% to 3.25%, at the Company’s option. Letters of credit issued under the 2024 Credit Agreement incur a combined fee equal to an applicable margin ranging from 3.50% to 4.25% plus a fronting fee equal to 0.125% per annum. Unused capacity under the 2024 Credit Agreement bears a commitment fee of 0.50% per annum. On November 25, 2024, the Company amended the 2024 Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit (i) Peabody’s then-planned acquisition of multiple coal mines from Anglo, (ii) the related bridge loan facility and (iii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness to finance the acquisition, subject to compliance with certain pro forma financial covenants. As further discussed in Note 1. “Summary of Sign
As of December 31, 2025, the 2024 Credit Agreement had only been utilized for letters of credit, including $49.2 million outstanding as of December 31, 2025. These letters of credit support the Company’s reclamation bonding requirements, lease obligations, insurance policies and various other performance guarantees as further described in Note 19. “Financial Instruments, Guarantees With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk and Other Guarantees.” Availability under the 2024 Credit Agreement was $270.8 million at December 31, 2025.
The 2024 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions (including compliance with financial ratios), may limit the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional indebtedness, make certain restricted payments or investments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, create or incur liens, and merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of their assets. The 2024 Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries, as well as a pledge of two Australian subsidiaries.
Capital Expenditures
For 2026, the Company is targeting total capital expenditures of approximately $340 million. 
Indebtedness
The Company’s total indebtedness as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 is presented in the table below. 
December 31, | 
Debt Instrument (defined below, as applicable) | 2025 | 2024 | 
(Dollars in millions) | 
3.250% Convertible Senior Notes due March 2028 (2028 Convertible Notes) | $ | 320.0 | $ | 320.0 | 
BUMA Loan Note | — | 9.3 | 
Finance lease obligations | 20.8 | 25.1 | 
Less: Debt issuance costs | (4.4) | (6.3) | 
336.4 | 348.1 | 
Less: Current portion of long-term debt | 15.2 | 15.8 | 
Long-term debt | $ | 321.2 | $ | 332.3 | 
The Company’s indebtedness requires estimated contractual principal and interest payments, assuming interest rates in effect at December 31, 2025, of approximately $25 million in 2026, $16 million in 2027, $327 million in 2028 and less than $1 million in 2029 and thereafter.
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 69
 | 
Table of Contents
The Company paid cash of $39.5 million, $37.6 million and $61.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, for interest, net of capitalized interest, related to the Company’s indebtedness and financial assurance instruments.
2028 Convertible Notes
On March 1, 2022, through a private offering, the Company issued the 2028 Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $320.0 million. The 2028 Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are governed under an indenture.
The Company used the proceeds of the offering of the 2028 Convertible Notes and available cash to redeem its then-existing senior secured notes and to pay related premiums, fees and expenses relating to the offering and redemptions. 
The 2028 Convertible Notes will mature on March 1, 2028, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The 2028 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.250% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year.
During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company’s reported common stock prices prompted the conversion feature of the 2028 Convertible Notes. As a result, the 2028 Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders during the first quarter of 2026. It is the Company’s current intent and policy to settle any conversions of the 2028 Convertible Notes through shares of its common stock. As such, the 2028 Convertible Notes are not classified as a current obligation in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Through February 18, 2026, the Company has not received any conversion requests and does not anticipate receiving any conversion requests in the near term as the market value of the 2028 Convertible Notes exceeds their conversion value.
Accounts Receivable Securitization Program 
As described in Note 19. “Financial Instruments, Guarantees With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk and Other Guarantees” of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into an accounts receivable securitization program during 2017. The securitization program provides up to $225.0 million of funding capacity which is accounted for as a secured borrowing, limited to the availability of eligible receivables, and may be secured by a combination of collateral and the trade receivables underlying the program. Funding capacity under the program may also be utilized for letters of credit in support of other obligations, which has been the Company’s primary utilization. At December 31, 2025, the Company had no outstanding borrowings and $63.4 million of letters of credit outstanding under the program. The Company was not required to post cash collateral under the securitization program at December 31, 2025. 
The accounts receivable securitization program was amended in January 2025 to extend its maturity to January 2028.
Other Requirements
The Company will incur significant future cash outflows for certain liabilities related to its prior mining activities and former employees. Such cash flows pertain to postretirement benefit plans, work-related injuries and illnesses, defined benefit pension plans, mine reclamation and end-of-mine closure costs and exploration obligations and are estimated to amount to approximately $110 million in 2026, $90 million in 2027, $85 million in 2028, $65 million in 2029, $75 million in 2030 and $1,318 million thereafter.
The Company has various short- and long-term take-or-pay arrangements in Australia and the U.S. associated with rail and port commitments for the delivery of coal, including amounts relating to export facilities. The estimated future cash flows associated with such arrangements are approximately $113 million in 2026, $115 million in 2027, $105 million in 2028, $75 million in 2029, $55 million in 2030 and $540 million thereafter.
The Company’s operating lease commitments, excluding potential contingent rental amounts, will require cash payments of approximately $41 million in 2026, $35 million in 2027, $29 million in 2028, $19 million in 2029, $12 million in 2030 and $3 million thereafter.
Covenant Compliance
The Company was compliant with all relevant covenants under its debt and other finance agreements at December 31, 2025. 
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 70
 | 
Table of Contents
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes the Company’s cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, as reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Year Ended December 31, | 
 | 2025 | 2024 | 
 | (Dollars in millions) | 
Net cash provided by operating activities | $ | 333.7 | $ | 606.5 | 
Net cash used in investing activities | (346.6) | (598.1) | 
Net cash used in financing activities | (85.2) | (276.0) | 
Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | (98.1) | (267.6) | 
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period | 1,382.6 | 1,650.2 | 
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period | $ | 1,284.5 | $ | 1,382.6 | 
Operating Activities. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the prior year was driven by a year-over-year decrease in cash from collateral arrangements resulting from prior year collateral releases ($156.4 million), costs related to the terminated Anglo acquisition ($68.6 million) and lower cash from mining operations. These decreases were partially offset by a year-over-year increase in operating cash flow from working capital ($302.3 million), primarily attributable to changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses ($195.2 million) driven by prior year income tax payments.
Investing Activities. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the prior year was driven by a decrease due to the prior year Wards Well acquisition ($143.8 million), the prior year deposit related to the terminated acquisition ($75.0 million) and the returned deposit related to the terminated acquisition ($29.0 million).
Financing Activities. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the prior year was primarily driven by decreases in common stock repurchases ($183.1 million).
Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements
In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to various guarantees and financial instruments that carry off-balance-sheet risk and are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Such financial instruments provide support for the Company’s reclamation bonding requirements, lease obligations, insurance policies and various other performance guarantees. The Company periodically evaluates the instruments for on-balance-sheet treatment based on the amount of exposure under the instrument and the likelihood of required performance. The Company does not expect any material losses to result from these guarantees or off-balance-sheet instruments in excess of liabilities provided for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments that carry off-balance-sheet risk:
December 31, 2025 | 
Reclamation Support | Other Support (1)
 | Total | 
(Dollars in millions) | 
Surety bonds | $ | 908.8 | $ | 88.4 | $ | 997.2 | 
Letters of credit (2)
 | 53.6 | 59.0 | 112.6 | 
962.4 | 147.4 | 1,109.8 | 
Less: Letters of credit in support of surety bonds (3)
 | (53.6) | (1.6) | (55.2) | 
Obligations supported, net | $ | 908.8 | $ | 145.8 | $ | 1,054.6 | 
(1) Instruments support obligations related to leases, health care plans, workers’ compensation, property and casualty insurance, customer and vendor contracts and certain restoration ancillary to prior mining activities.
(2) Amounts do not include cash-collateralized letters of credit.
(3) Certain letters of credit serve as collateral for surety bonds at the request of surety bond providers.
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 71
 | 
Table of Contents
Not presented in the above table is $844.1 million of restricted cash and collateral which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2025, as described in Note 19. “Financial Instruments, Guarantees With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk and Other Guarantees” of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Such collateral is primarily in support of the financial instruments noted above, including in relation to the Company’s surety bond portfolio, its collateralized letter of credit agreement, its bank guarantee facilities and amounts held directly with beneficiaries which are not supported by surety bonds. The restricted cash and collateral balance increased $34.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 due to a net increase in bonding requirements and the impact of foreign currency rate changes.
At December 31, 2025, the Company had total asset retirement obligations of $754.9 million. Bonding requirement amounts may differ significantly from the related asset retirement obligation because such requirements are calculated under the assumption that reclamation begins currently, whereas the Company’s accounting liabilities are discounted from the end of a mine’s economic life (when final reclamation work would begin) to the balance sheet date.
At December 31, 2025, the Company’s reclamation bonding requirements were supported by approximately $740 million of restricted cash and other balances serving as collateral, which substantially supports the financial liability for final mine reclamation as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Guarantees and Other Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk. See Note 19. “Financial Instruments, Guarantees With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk and Other Guarantees” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the Company’s accounts receivable securitization program and guarantees and other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources is based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company is also required under U.S. GAAP to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Asset Retirement Obligations. The Company’s asset retirement obligations primarily consist of spending estimates for surface land reclamation and support facilities at both surface and underground mines in accordance with applicable reclamation laws and regulations in the U.S. and Australia as defined by each mining permit. Asset retirement obligations are determined for each mine using various estimates and assumptions including, among other items, estimates of disturbed acreage as determined from engineering data, estimates of future costs to reclaim the disturbed acreage and the timing of these cash flows, escalated for inflation and then discounted using a credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. As changes in estimates occur (such as mine plan revisions, changes in estimated costs or changes in timing of the performance of reclamation activities), the revisions to the obligation and asset are recognized at the appropriate credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. If the Company’s assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash expenditures and costs that it incurs could be materially different than currently estimated. Moreover, regulatory changes could increase its obligation to perform reclamation and mine closing activities. Amortization associated with the Company’s asset r
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 72
 | 
Table of Contents
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. The Company evaluates its long-lived assets held and used in operations for impairment as events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets might not be recoverable. Factors that would indicate potential impairment to be present include, but are not limited to, a sustained history of operating or cash flow losses, an unfavorable change in earnings and cash flow outlook, prolonged adverse industry or economic trends and a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition. The Company generally does not view short-term declines in thermal and metallurgical coal prices as an indicator of impairment for conducting impairment tests because of historic price volatility. However, the Company generally views a sustained trend of depressed coal pricing (for example, over periods exceeding one year) as a potential indicator of impairment. Because of the volatile and cyclical nature of coal prices and demand, it is reasonably possible that coal prices may decrease and/or fail to improve in the near term, which, absent sufficient mitigation such as an offsetting reduction in the Company’s operating costs, may result in the need for future adjustments t
Assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. For its active mining operations, the Company generally groups such assets at the mine level, or the mining complex level for mines that share infrastructure. For its development and exploration properties and portfolio of surface land and coal reserve and resource holdings, the Company considers several factors to determine whether to evaluate those assets individually or on a grouped basis for purposes of impairment testing. Such factors include geographic proximity to one another, the expectation of shared infrastructure upon development based on future mining plans and whether it would be most advantageous to bundle such assets in the event of a sale to a third-party.
When indicators of impairment are present, the Company evaluates its long-lived assets for recoverability by comparing the estimated undiscounted cash flows in the LOM plan expected to be generated by those assets under various assumptions to their carrying amounts. If such undiscounted cash flows indicate that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, impairment losses are measured by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset group to its carrying amount. As quoted market prices are unavailable for the Company’s individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of an expected present value technique based on the income approach, except for non-strategic coal reserves and resources, surface lands and undeveloped coal properties excluded from its long-range mine planning. In those cases, a market approach is utilized based on the most comparable market multiples available. The estimated future cash flows and underlying assumptions used to assess recoverability and, if necessary, measure the fair value of the Company’s long-lived mining assets are derived from those developed in connection with its planning and budgeting process. The Company believes its assumptions to be consistent with those a market participant would use for valuati
No impairment charges related to long-lived assets were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2025. When necessary, the assumptions used are based on the Company’s best knowledge at the time it prepares its analysis but can vary significantly due to the volatile and cyclical nature of coal prices and demand, regulatory issues, unforeseen mining conditions, commodity prices and cost of labor. These factors may cause the Company to be unable to recover all or a portion of the carrying value of its long-lived assets.
The Company identified certain assets with an aggregate carrying value of approximately $64 million at December 31, 2025 in its Other U.S. Thermal segment whose recoverability is most sensitive to customer concentration risk.
Income Taxes. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary difference between the consolidated financial carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and consideration of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income taxes are measured using enacted rates in effect for the year in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will be more likely than not realized. The Company makes judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, the impact of tax planning strategies and expected future taxable income.
Uncertainty exists regarding tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns which remain subject to examination, along with positions expected to be taken in future returns. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Adjustments are made to the uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit; change in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance; or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. 
Peabody Energy Corporation | 2025 Form 10-K
 | 73
 | 
Table of Contents
See Note 7. “Income Taxes” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits.
Contingent liabilities. From time to time, Peabody is subject to legal and environmental matters related to its continuing and discontinued operations and certain historical, non-coal producing operations. In connection with such matters, the Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes, as well as potential ranges of probable losses. 
A determination of the amount of reserves required for these matters is made after considerable analysis of each individual issue. Peabody accrues for legal and environmental matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range of possible loss exists and no anticipated loss within the range is more likely than any other anticipated loss, the Company records the accrual at the low end of the range, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 450, “Contingencies.” 
Peabody provides disclosure surrounding loss contingencies when it believes that it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss may be incurred or an exposure to loss in excess of amounts already accrued may exist. Adjustments to contingent liabilities are made when additional information becomes available that affects the amount of estimated loss, which information may include changes in facts and circumstances, changes in interpretations of law in the relevant courts, the results of new or updated environmental remediation cost studies and the ongoing consideration of trends in environmental remediation costs.
Accrued contingent liabilities exclude claims against third parties and are not discounted. The current portion of these accruals is included in “Accounts payables and accrued expenses” and the long-term portion is included in “Other noncurrent liabilities” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. In general, legal fees related to environmental remediation and litigation are charged to expense as incurred. The Company includes the interest component of any litigation-related penalties within “Interest expense” in its consolidated statements of operations. See Note 20. “Commitments and Contingencies” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Company’s contingent liabilities.
Newly Adopted Accounting Standards and Accounting Standards Not Yet Implemented
See Note 1. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of newly adopted accounting standards and accounting standards not yet implemented.
