 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Ryerson Holding Corporation and Subsidiaries and the Notes thereto in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those discussed in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Overview Business Ryerson Holding Corporation (“Ryerson Holding”), a Delaware corporation, is the parent company of Joseph T. Ryerson & Son, Inc. (“JT Ryerson”), a Delaware corporation. As of December 31, 2025 affiliates of Platinum Equity, LLC (“Platinum”) own approximately 3,924,478 shares of our common stock, which is approximately 12.2% of our issued and outstanding common stock. We are a leading value-added processor and distributor of industrial metals with operations in the United States ("U.S.") through JT Ryerson and other U.S. subsidiaries, in Canada through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Ryerson Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation (“Ryerson Canada”), and in Mexico through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Ryerson Metals de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V., a Mexican corporation (“Ryerson Mexico”). In addition to our North American operations, we conduct metal processing and distribution operations in China through an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Ryerson China Limited, a Chinese limited liability company (“Ryerson China”). Unless the context indicates otherwise, Ryerson Holding, JT Ryerson, Ryerson Canada, Ryerson Mexico, and Ryerson China together with their subsidiaries, are collectively referred to herein as “Ryerson,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company.” Industry and Operating Trends We are a metals service center providing value-added processing and distribution of industrial metals with operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and China. We purchase large quantities of metal products from primary producers and sell these materials in smaller quantities to a wide variety of metals-consuming industries. We carry a full line of approximately 75,000 products in stainless steel, aluminum, carbon steel, and alloy steels and a limited line of nickel and red metals in various shapes and forms. In addition to our metals products, we offer numerous value-added processing and fabrication services, and nearly 80% of the metals products we sell are processed by us by bending, beveling, blanking, blasting, burning, cutting-to-length, drilling, flattening, forming, grinding, laser cutting, machining, notching, painting, polishing, punching, rolling, sawing, shearing, slitting, stamping, tapping, threading, welding, or other techniques to process materials to a specified thickness, length, width, shape, and surface quality pursuant to specific customer orders. Similar to other metals service centers, we maintain substantial inventories of metals to accommodate the short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase metals to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticip
ated needs of our customers based upon customer forecasts, historic buying practices, supply agreements with customers, mill lead times, and market conditions. Our commitments to purchase metals are generally at prevailing market prices in effect at the time we place our orders. At the request of our customers, we have some fixed price sales contracts. We have entered into swaps in order to mitigate our risk of volatility in the price of metals related to these contracts and we have entered into metals hedges to mitigate our own risk of volatility in the price of metals. We have no long-term, fixed-price metals purchase contracts. When metals prices decline, customer demands for lower prices and our competitors’ responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower gross profits and earnings as we sell existing metals inventory. When metals prices increase, competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase we may pass on to our customers. The metals service center industry is cyclical and volatile in both demand and pricing, and difficult to predict. In 2025, Ryerson experienced marginal volume growth of 0.5% and an average selling price decrease of 1.1% compared to 2024 as the period was characterized by subdued downstream demand and volatile pricing, impacted by tariff trade policy. Changes in average selling prices are primarily driven by commodity metals prices, which impact Ryerson’s selling prices over the subsequent three to six-month period. 32 In 2025, indicators for key steel industry end markets reported contraction in industrial activity momentum but output improvement relative to the previous year. This is evidenced by the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers’ Index (“PMI”), which indicated that the majority of surveyed purchasing managers reported a decline in activity in nearly every month of 2025 with the exception of January and February, as marked by readings below the growth threshold of 50. January 2026 reversed the trend with a reading above the growth threshold of 52.6. On the other hand, U.S. Industrial Production, which reports year-over-year industrial sector business output, reported growth for each month of 2025, indicating that while PMI would suggest that 2025 was a year of widespread contractionary momentum, there was resiliency in the overall output relative to the previous year. According to the Metal Service Center Institute, North American service center volumes decreased by 1.5% in 2025 compared to 2024. Also on a North American basis, Ryerson's volumes declined by 0.4% over the same period, implying that the Company gained market share during the year. Reflecting on volume performance by end-market, Ryerson experienced year-over-year declines in Commercial Transportation, Climate, Heavy Equipment, and Power sectors. These declines were partially offset by demand growth in Fabrication & Welding, Machine Shop, and Machinery & Equipment sectors. Olympic Steel Acquisition On February 13, 2026 (the “Closing Date”), the Company completed the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, (the “Merger Agreement”), dated as of October 28, 2025, by and among Ryerson Holding, Crimson MS Corp., an Ohio corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Ryerson Holding (“Merger Sub”), and Olympic Steel, Inc. ("Olympic Steel"). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Olympic Steel in accordance with Ohio law. At the effective time of the Olympic Steel Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Olympic Steel, without par per share (the “Olympic Common Stock”) (other than certain excluded shares), was converted into the right to receive 1.7105 shares the Ryerson Holding’s common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon the completion of the Olympic Steel Merger, Olympic Steel, as
 the surviving corporation, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Ryerson Holding. As a result of the Olympic Steel Merger, Ryerson Holding issued approximately 19.5 million shares of its common stock to former holders of Olympic Common Stock Olympic Steel is a metals service center focused on the direct sale and value-added processing of carbon and coated sheet, plate, and coil products; stainless steel sheet, plate, bar, and coil; aluminum sheet, plate, and coil; pipe, tube, bar, valves and fittings, tin plate, and metal-intensive end-use products. The combination of the two companies enhances Ryerson's presence as North America's second largest metals service center, bringing Olympic Steel's complementary footprint, capabilities, and product offering into Ryerson's intelligently interconnected network of value-added service centers. Together, functioning as Ryerson Holding Corporation, the combined entity is expected to generate approximately $120 million in annual synergies by the beginning of 2028 through procurement scale, efficiency gains, commercial enhancement, and network optimization. Please refer to Note 19 — “Subsequent Events” of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further information on the Olympic Steel merger. Ryerson’s 2025 Strategy Achievements Ryerson’s market strategy focuses on providing excellent customer experiences consistently with speed at scale. Our culture is based on our trademarked “say yes, figure it out” mantra. We strive to grow our volume and sustainably expand margins by increasing our fabrication business, transactional sales, and improving our speed through tools and analytics. Ryerson’s financial strategy includes a focus on generating cash from operating activities and continuously improving a “through the cycle” operating model to maintain a strong balance sheet, re-invest in the growth of the business, and generate returns to stockholders. In 2025, coming off of a historically high three-year investment cycle, the Company focused on operationalizing and optimizing major capital investment projects at its service centers in Shelbyville, KY, Norcross, GA, Dallas, TX, and Los Angeles, CA. The primary objective of these investments was to improve Ryerson's operating model and the customer experience. The expansion of our Shelbyville service center, for example, was an investment in our bright metals flat roll processing capabilities to support transactional market share growth at a lower cost to service with improved service levels. Likewise, the investments made in Norcross, Dallas, and Los Angeles included processing equipment, which we expect will improve our ability to provide our customers with higher value-added products and thereby improve our gross margins. 33 2025 Performance Demand conditions in 2025 continued to be subdued while pricing was volatile, impacted by tariff trade policy. Nonetheless, we believe that the investments that we have made in our service capabilities and operating model will enable us to provide better experiences for our customers and, in turn, enable greater value generation for our stockholders. These key metrics illustrate Ryerson’s financial performance for the full year 2025 compared to 2024: $4.6B 17.1% $(56)M Total Revenues Gross Margin Net Loss Attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation 1% decrease 100bps decrease $48M lower $(1.76) $(1.56) $87M Diluted Loss per Share Adjusted Diluted Loss per Share Cash from Operating Activities $1.50 lower $1.38 lower $118M decrease A reconciliation of diluted earnings (loss) per share ("EPS") to adjusted diluted EPS is provided below. Commodity price volatility and subdued downstream demand in 2025 contributed to lower average selling prices and modestly higher volumes year-over-year. Compared to 2024, average selling prices decreased by 1.1% and tons shipped increased by 0.5%, resulting in a year-over-year revenue decrease of 0.6%. Gross margin contracted by 10
0 bps from 2024 as the soft demand environment challenged tariff-supported average selling prices. Warehousing, delivery, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by 1.0%, or $8.4 million, in 2025 compared to 2024 driven primarily by increased delivery expenses, advisory service fees related to the Olympic Steel Merger, higher salaries and wages, and expenses related to Production Metals, an entity acquired in August of 2024 with now a full-year of expenses in 2025. These increases were partially offset by decreased reorganization expenses and professional fees. We recorded net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation of $56.4 million, or $1.76 per diluted share, in 2025. This compares to net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation of $8.6 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, in 2024. 34 To provide greater insight into the Company’s 2025 operating trends apart from the year’s one-time transactions, Ryerson provides adjusted net income loss and adjusted diluted earnings loss per share figures, which are not U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) financial measures, to compliment the reported GAAP net loss and diluted loss per share figures. Management uses these metrics to assess year-over-year performance excluding non-recurring transactions. Adjusted net loss and adjusted diluted loss per share do not represent, and should not be used as a substitute for, net loss or loss per share determined in accordance with GAAP. Illustrated in the below table, the 2025 net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation of $56.4 million includes a $7.8 million charge for advisory services related to our merger with Olympic Steel, impairment charges on assets of $3.4 million, a $1.9 million gain on a litigation settlement, and a $1.0 million gain on an insurance settlement, and the related income tax benefit. After adjusting for these non-core business transactions and the related income taxes, the adjusted net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation for 2025 is $50.2 million, $44.1 million lower than the prior year’s adjusted net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation of $6.1 million which included a restructuring charge of $3.1 million, a pension settlement loss of $2.1 million, a $1.6 million gain on an insurance settlement, a $0.3 million curtailment gain related to various retirement benefit plans, and the related income tax benefit. (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 Net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation $ (56.4 ) $ (8.6 ) Gain on insurance settlement (1.0 ) (1.6 ) Gain on litigation settlement (1.9 ) — Restructuring and other charges — 3.1 Advisory services fees 7.8 — Impairment charges on assets 3.4 — Pension settlement loss — 2.1 Benefit plan curtailment gain — (0.3 ) Benefit for income taxes (2.1 ) (0.8 ) Adjusted net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation $ (50.2 ) $ (6.1 ) Diluted loss per share $ (1.76 ) $ (0.26 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share $ (1.56 ) $ (0.18 ) Shares outstanding - diluted 32.1 33.2 Ryerson generated cash from operating activities of $87.0 million in 2025, a decrease compared to $204.9 million generated in 2024. The decrease in cash generation year over year is primarily due to changes in working capital. See further details within the section titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources" within this Item. Industry Developments Tariffs. In 2025, the U.S. government announced and retracted tariffs repeatedly on imports, including imports of steel and aluminum from all countries, as well as on all U.S. imports not covered under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act ("Section 232"). In March 2025, the Trump administration eliminated all country exemptions to section 232. In June 2025, the U.S. imposed a 50% section 232 tariff on nearly all steel and aluminum products (the exception being products from the UK, which was reduced to 25%). In August, the Department of Comm
erce added new product categories to section 232 steel and aluminum derivative products (e.g. downstream manufactured goods). Many governments, including those of China, Canada, and recently the European Union, have announced reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imports, while simultaneously withdrawing certain retaliatory tariffs, creating further uncertainty in global trade. The tariffs introduce uncertainty towards customers' supply chains. A significant majority of the Company’s metal purchases are domestic, therefore, the impact of tariffs on the Company’s financial statements has not been significant to date. In general, we attempt to pass the cost of tariffs on to customers to the extent possible. While tariffs have helped to level the price between import and domestic purchases, customers are still reviewing their supply chains to determine which approach is best. The ultimate consumer of the goods and their geography play a significant role in determining which inputs are acceptable to manufacturers. The ultimate impact the tariffs will have on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows remains to be determined. On February 20, 2026, the Supreme Court ruled that the president is not authorized to impose tariffs to the extent that he has under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. It is currently unclear what the overall impact of this ruling will be. The Supreme Court's ruling has no direct impact on the tariffs in place under Section 232, including tariffs on steel and aluminum. 35 Enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA"), a comprehensive tax reform package that includes significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Key provisions of the OBBBA include: •Restoration of 100% bonus depreciation for qualified property placed in service after January 19, 2025; •Permanent full expensing of domestic research and experimental expenditures; •Modifications to interest expense limitations under Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code, including a revised definition of adjusted taxable income and coordination with interest capitalization rules. The restoration of immediate research and experimental expensing, bonus depreciation, and the modifications related to interest expense limitations are expected to favorably affect the Company’s cash tax liabilities and investment incentives in future periods. Management will continue to monitor regulatory guidance and implementation developments related to the OBBBA and will update its disclosures as necessary. Components of Results of Operations We generate substantially all of our revenue from sales of our metals products. The majority of revenue is recognized upon delivery of product to customers. The timing of shipment is substantially the same as the timing of delivery to customers given the proximity of our distribution sites to our customers. Revenues associated with products which we believe have no alternative use, and where the Company has an enforceable right to payment, are recognized on an over-time basis. Over-time revenues are recorded in proportion with the progress made toward completing the performance obligation. Sales, cost of materials sold, gross profit, and operating expense control are the principal factors that impact our profitability: Net Sales. Our sales volume and pricing are driven by market demand, which is largely determined by overall industrial production and conditions in specific industries in which our customers operate. Sales prices are also primarily driven by market factors such as overall demand and availability of product. Our net sales include revenue from product sales, net of returns, allowances, customer discounts, and incentives. Cost of materials sold. Cost of materials sold includes metal purchase and in-bound freight costs, third-party processing costs, and direct and indirect internal processing costs. The
 cost of materials sold fluctuates with our sales volume and our ability to purchase metals at competitive prices. Increases in sales volume generally enable us to improve purchasing leverage with suppliers as we buy larger quantities of metals inventories. Gross profit. Gross profit is the difference between net sales and the cost of materials sold. Our sales prices to our customers are subject to market competition. Achieving acceptable levels of gross profit is dependent on our acquiring metals at competitive prices, our ability to manage the impact of changing prices, and efficiently managing our internal and external processing costs. Operating expenses. Optimizing business processes and asset utilization to lower fixed expenses such as employee, facility, and truck fleet costs, which cannot be rapidly reduced in times of declining volume, and maintaining a low fixed cost structure in times of increasing sales volume, have a significant impact on our profitability. Operating expenses include costs related to warehousing and distributing our products as well as selling, general, and administrative expenses. 36 Results of Operations The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Operations data (certain percentages may not calculate due to rounding): Year Ended December 31, 2025 % of Net Sales Year Ended December 31, 2024 % of Net Sales Net sales $ 4,571.3 100.0 % $ 4,598.7 100.0 % Cost of materials sold 3,789.1 82.9 3,764.5 81.9 Gross profit 782.2 17.1 834.2 18.1 Warehousing, delivery, selling, general, and administrative expenses 809.6 17.7 801.2 17.4 Gain on insurance settlement — — (1.6 ) — Impairment charges on assets 3.4 0.1 — — Restructuring and other charges — — 3.1 0.1 Operating profit (loss) (30.8 ) (0.7 ) 31.5 0.7 Other expenses (40.4 ) (0.9 ) (38.9 ) (0.8 ) Loss before income taxes (71.2 ) (1.6 ) (7.4 ) (0.2 ) Benefit for income taxes (16.1 ) (0.4 ) (0.1 ) — Net loss (55.1 ) (1.2 ) (7.3 ) (0.2 ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1.3 — 1.3 — Net loss attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation $ (56.4 ) (1.2 )% $ (8.6 ) (0.2 )% Basic loss per share $ (1.76 ) $ (0.26 ) Diluted loss per share $ (1.76 ) $ (0.26 ) 37 The following charts show the Company’s percentage of sales by major product line for 2025 and 2024: Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2025 with the year ended December 31, 2024 Net Sales Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage 2025 2024 change change ($ in millions) Net sales $ 4,571.3 $ 4,598.7 $ (27.4 ) (0.6 )% Year Ended December 31, Tons Percentage 2025 2024 change change (in thousands) Tons sold 1,947 1,937 10 0.5 % Year Ended December 31, Price Percentage 2025 2024 change change Average selling price per ton sold $ 2,348 $ 2,374 $ (26 ) (1.1 )% Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased slightly from the same period a year ago as commodity price volatility and subdued downstream demand in 2025 contributed to lower average selling prices and modestly higher volumes year-over-year. Revenue increased in the third and fourth quarters of 2025 compared to the year-ago periods as average selling prices increased due to support from tariff policy and rising input prices while the demand environment remained soft. Compared to the year ago period, average selling prices for the full-year period decreased for nearly all of our carbon and stainless product lines in 2025 with the largest decreases in our stainless plate, carbon plate, and carbon flat products, partially offset by increases in all of our aluminum products lines. Tons sold increased slightly in 2025 overall, with the largest increases in our stainless long, aluminum long, and stainless plate product lines largely offset by decreases in our aluminum flat and aluminum plate shipments. Tons sold per ship day were 7,726 in 2025 compared to 7,656 in 2024. Average selling prices generally fluctuate with changes in replacement costs of the various metals we purchase. The 
mix of products sold can also have an impact on our overall average selling price per ton sold. As carbon sales represented 49% of our gross sales in 2025, changes in carbon steel prices have the most significant impact on changes in our overall average selling price per ton sold. 38 The mix of our total sales by major commodity products and year-over-year change in selling prices are presented below: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Sales by Product (% of total sales) Average Selling Price per ton sold (% change) Carbon steel 49 % -5.4 % Aluminum 26 % 10.4 % Stainless steel 24 % -2.9 % Other 1 % Cost of Materials Sold Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ % of Net Sales $ % of Net Sales Dollar change Percentage change ($ in millions) Cost of materials sold $ 3,789.1 82.9 % $ 3,764.5 81.9 % $ 24.6 0.7 % Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percentage 2025 2024 change change Average cost of materials per ton sold $ 1,946 $ 1,943 $ 3 0.2 % The increase in cost of materials sold in 2025 compared to the year ago period is primarily due to an increase in average cost of materials sold per ton due to rising metals prices in the second half of the year driven by support from tariff policy. Compared to the prior year, the average cost of materials sold in 2025 increased for all of our aluminum product lines, partially offset by decreases across most of our carbon and stainless product lines with the largest decreases in our stainless plate, carbon plate, and carbon flat product lines. During 2025, last-in, first-out ("LIFO") expense was $56 million related to increases in pricing for all product lines, with the largest impact from aluminum and carbon products, offset by the liquidation of older LIFO layers for stainless and aluminum products that were at a net lower cost. During 2024, LIFO income was $53 million related to decreases in pricing for all product lines, with the largest impact from carbon and stainless products, slightly offset by the liquidation of older LIFO layers for stainless products that were at a net higher cost. Gross Profit Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ % of Net Sales $ % of Net Sales Dollar change Percentage change ($ in millions) Gross profit $ 782.2 17.1 % $ 834.2 18.1 % $ (52.0 ) (6.2 )% Gross profit dollars decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 as average selling price decreased while the average cost of materials sold increased slightly resulting in a decrease in gross margin. 39 Operating Expenses Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ % of Net Sales $ % of Net Sales Dollar change Percentage change ($ in millions) Warehousing, delivery, selling, general, and administrative expenses $ 809.6 17.7 % $ 801.2 17.4 % $ 8.4 1.0 % Gain on insurance settlement $ — — $ (1.6 ) — $ 1.6 (100.0 )% Impairment charges on assets $ 3.4 0.1 % $ — — $ 3.4 100.0 % Restructuring and other charges $ — — $ 3.1 0.1 % $ (3.1 ) 100.0 % Warehousing, delivery, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $8.4 million in 2025 compared to 2024 with $4.5 million of the increase driven by including the expenses of Production Metals, LLC which was acquired during August 2024 for all of 2025. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, expenses increased $3.9 million. On a same-store basis, expenses increased in 2025 primarily due to an increase in salaries and wages, incentive compensation, delivery expenses, advisory service fees associated with the merger with Olympic Steel, and higher operating expenses. The expense increases were partially offset by lower reorganization costs as 2024 included start-up costs associated with our new state of the art University Park, IL location as well as Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") conversion and integration activities. In addition, professional fees were lower in 2025 and benefit expenses were lower primarily due to lower payroll taxes resulting from refunds received in the second quarter of 2025 related to Employee Retention Credits for qualified wages paid during the COVID-19 pand
emic. In 2025, we recorded impairment charges on assets of $3.4 million as we evaluated underperforming businesses. In 2024, we recorded restructuring charges of $3.1 million, related to severance costs for headcount reductions as we work on optimizing our operating model and improving productivity. The year 2024 also included a $1.6 million gain on an insurance settlement. On a per ton basis, total operating expenses increased to $418 per ton in 2025 from $414 per ton in 2024. Operating Profit Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ % of Net Sales $ % of Net Sales Dollar change Percentage change ($ in millions) Operating profit (loss) $ (30.8 ) (0.7 )% $ 31.5 0.7 % $ (62.3 ) (197.8 )% Our operating profit decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to the decrease in average selling prices and gross profit and the increase in operating expenses as discussed above. Other Expenses Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 $ % of Net Sales $ % of Net Sales Dollar change Percentage change ($ in millions) Interest and other expense on debt $ (38.9 ) (0.9 )% $ (43.0 ) (0.9 )% $ 4.1 (9.5 )% Other income and (expense), net $ (1.5 ) — $ 4.1 0.1 % $ (5.6 ) (136.6 )% Interest and other expense on debt decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower interest rates on our revolving credit facility, as amended (“the Ryerson Credit Facility”) partially offset by a higher level of borrowings outstanding under the Ryerson Credit Facility. The other expense in 2025 includes foreign currency transaction losses of $2.1 million, partially offset by a $1.0 million settlement gain related to lump-sum buyouts for the Central Steel & Wire ("CSW") pension plan. The other income and (expense), net in 2024 includes foreign currency translation gains of $4.2 million. The other income in 2024 also includes a $2.1 million net settlement loss resulting from the termination of the Ryerson Canada Bargaining Unit Pension Plan. Offsetting this loss is a $1.8 million settlement gain and a $0.3 million curtailment gain related to lump-sum buyouts and a reduction in future years of service for 40 the CSW pension and other post-employment benefit plans as a result of workforce reductions at CSW as the CSW headquarters was closed and operations moved to a new facility in University Park, IL. Provision for Income Taxes Our effective income tax rate was 22.6% in 2025 compared to 1.4% in 2024. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by the disproportionate impact of permanent differences relative to the change in pretax loss year over year and state tax credits. The 2025 effective tax rate of 22.6% was more in line with the U.S. statutory tax rates. Earnings Per Share The changes in loss per share are due to the results of operations discussed above as well as having fewer shares outstanding in 2025 after the repurchase of 2,526,467 shares of common stock during 2024. 41 Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company’s primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, and borrowing availability under the Ryerson Credit Facility. Our principal source of operating cash is from the sale of metals. Our principal uses of cash are for payments associated with the procurement and processing of metals, costs incurred for the warehousing and delivery of inventories, the selling and administrative costs of the business, capital expenditures, and for interest payments on debt. We had cash and cash equivalents of $26.9 million at December 31, 2025, compared to $27.7 million at December 31, 2024. Our total debt outstanding at December 31, 2025 decreased to $463.1 million compared to $467.4 million of total debt outstanding at December 31, 2024. We had a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 38% and 36% at December 31, 2025 and at December 31, 2024, respectively. We had total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents and availability under the Ryerson Credit Facility and foreign debt facilities) of $502 million at Dec
ember 31, 2025 versus $451 million at December 31, 2024. Our net debt (defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents) was $436 million and $440 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Total liquidity and net debt are not U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) financial measures. We believe that total liquidity provides additional information for measuring our ability to fund our operations. Total liquidity does not represent, and should not be used as a substitute for, net income (loss) or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and total liquidity is not necessarily an indication of whether cash flow will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements. We believe that net debt provides a clearer perspective of the Company’s overall debt situation. Net debt should not be used as a substitute for total debt outstanding as determined in accordance with GAAP. Below is a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents to total liquidity: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 27 $ 28 $ 54 Availability under Ryerson Credit Facility and foreign debt facilities 475 423 602 Total liquidity $ 502 $ 451 $ 656 Below is a reconciliation of total debt to net debt: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Total debt $ 463 $ 468 $ 436 Less: cash and cash equivalents (27 ) (28 ) (54 ) Net debt $ 436 $ 440 $ 382 Of the total cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2025, $16.3 million was held in subsidiaries outside the U.S. that is deemed to be permanently reinvested. Ryerson does not currently foresee a need to repatriate earnings from its non-U.S. subsidiaries. Although Ryerson has historically satisfied needs for more capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances, Ryerson could elect to repatriate additional earnings, which could result in foreign withholding taxes and potential U.S. state income taxes. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability for the effect of a possible repatriation of these earnings as management intends to permanently reinvest these earnings outside of the U.S. Specific plans for reinvestment include funding for future international acquisitions and funding of existing international operations. 42 The following table summarizes the Company’s cash flows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 (In millions) Net loss $ (55.1 ) $ (7.3 ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables (35.0 ) 40.0 Inventories 39.5 119.9 Accounts payable 77.9 (5.6 ) Other operating asset and liability balances (13.0 ) (33.9 ) All other operating cash flows 72.7 91.8 Net cash provided by operating activities 87.0 204.9 Acquisitions — (44.1 ) Capital expenditures (51.5 ) (99.6 ) Other investing activities (2.1 ) 1.0 Net cash used in investing activities (53.6 ) (142.7 ) Net proceeds (repayments) of borrowings (5.6 ) 31.7 Net decrease in book overdrafts (1.6 ) (25.5 ) Dividends paid to stockholders (24.1 ) (24.8 ) Share repurchases — (51.0 ) Proceeds from finance lease obligations 5.7 — All other financing cash flows (10.9 ) (17.2 ) Net cash used in financing activities (36.5 ) (86.8 ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 1.6 (1.5 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ (1.5 ) $ (26.1 ) Operating activities. Working capital fluctuates throughout the year based on business needs. Working capital needs tend to be counter-cyclical, meaning that in periods of expansion the Company will use cash to fund working capital requirements, but in periods of contraction the Company will generate cash from reduced working capital requirements. Working capital requirements decreased in 2025 due to a decrease in inventory, driven by lower tons in inventory. An increase in average selling prices and higher shipments in the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of 2024 resulted in higher sales and a related increase in accounts receivable. Inc
reased material costs and timing of payments at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025 resulted in an increase in accounts payable compared to fourth quarter of 2024. Working capital requirements decreased in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in inventory, as market prices for metals decreased in 2024, along with lower tons in inventory to better align inventory levels with lower sales volumes. A decline in average selling prices and lower shipments in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, resulted in lower sales and the related decrease in accounts receivable. The decrease in accounts payable was driven by lower metals costs and reduced inventory purchases in the fourth of 2024 compared to fourth quarter of 2023. Investing activities. The Company's main investing activities are capital expenditures and acquisitions. Capital expenditures decreased year-over-year as 2024 was the final year of a three-year investment cycle which focused on organic growth through the expansion and modernization of existing facilities, addition of new state-of-the-art facilities, and additions of processing equipment to support value-added business. In 2024, the Company also paid $44.1 million to acquire Production Metals. Financing activities. The Company's main source of liquidity to fund working capital requirements is borrowings on our credit facility. In 2025, credit facility borrowings decreased slightly from 2024 due to lower capital expenditures offset by lower cash flows from operating activities. In 2024, we increased credit facility borrowings to fund our acquisitions and capital expenditures. Book overdrafts fluctuate based on the timing of payments. Cash dividends paid decreased from $24.8 million in 2024 to $24.1 million in 2025 due to fewer shares outstanding. We repurchased $51.0 million of common stock during 2024. In the normal course of business with customers, vendors, and others, we have entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, such as letters of credit and surety bonds, which totaled $1 million and $8 million, respectively as of December 31, 2025. We do not have any other material off-balance sheet financing arrangements. Our off-balance sheet arrangements are not likely to have a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. 43 Total Debt Total debt at December 31, 2025 decreased $4.3 million to $463.1 million from $467.4 million at December 31, 2024, mainly due to an increase in cash from operating activities during 2025, offset by cash utilized for capital expenditures and quarterly dividend payments to stockholders. Total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2025 consisted of the following amounts: $463.2 million borrowings under the Ryerson Credit Facility, plus $1.9 million of foreign debt, less $2.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. Availability under the Ryerson Credit Facility was $428 million and $376 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. For further information, see Note 9: Debt in Part II, Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Pension Funding The Company made contributions of $15.2 million in 2025, $10.9 million in 2024, and $8.8 million in 2023 to improve the Company’s pension plans funded status. At December 31, 2025, as reflected in Part II. Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10, pension liabilities exceeded plan assets by $33.1 million. The Company anticipates that it will have a minimum required pension contribution of approximately $11.4 million in 2026 under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”), Pension Protection Act in the U.S., and the Ontario Pension Benefits Act in Canada. The expected future contributions reflect pension funding relief measures under the American Rescue Plan Act (“ARPA”) passed in March 2021. Future contribution requirements depend on the investment returns on plan assets,
 the impact of discount rates on pension liabilities, and changes in regulatory requirements. The Company is unable to determine the amount or timing of any such contributions required by ERISA or whether any such contributions would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or cash flows. For further information regarding our pension and postretirement benefit plans, see Part II. Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10: Employee Benefits. Changes in returns on plan assets may affect our plan funding, cash flows, and financial condition. Differences between actual plan asset returns and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets impact the measurement of the following year’s pension expense and pension funding requirements. However, we believe that cash flow from operations and the Ryerson Credit Facility described above will provide sufficient funds to make the minimum required contributions. Income Tax Payments The Company made income tax payments of $5.7 million in 2025, $10.3 million in 2024, and $6.2 million in 2023. Income tax payments in 2025 decreased largely due to 2023 U.S. tax liabilities timely paid in 2024 offset by increased foreign taxes driven by higher pre-tax foreign earnings year over year. See Part II. Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 17: Income Taxes for further discussion. Material Cash Requirements As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $465 million in principal payments to satisfy its debt obligations, consisting of $2 million in foreign debt coming due in 2026 and $463 million for the Ryerson Credit Facility. On February 13, 2026, the Ryerson Credit Facility was, amended to, among other amendments, (a) extend the maturity of such facility to February 13, 2031, (b) increase the aggregate revolving commitments thereunder from $1.3 billion to $1.8 billion, and (c) effect changes in connection with the Olympic Steel Merger. Please refer to Part II. Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 19: Subsequent Events for further information. Based on the current amounts outstanding, the Company expects to pay approximately $25 million of interest on the Ryerson Credit Facility over the next 12 months and $12 million thereafter. Interest payments related to the variable rate debt were estimated using the weighted average interest rate for the respective debt instrument. The Company leases various assets including real estate, trucks, trailers, cars, mobile equipment, processing equipment, and IT equipment. We have noncancelable operating leases expiring at various times through 2045, and finance leases expiring at various times through 2032. The total amount of future lease payments is estimated to be $456 million with $48 million for the next 12 months. Please refer to Part II, Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 6: Leases for further information. Purchase obligations with suppliers are entered into when we receive firm sales commitments with certain of our customers. As of December 31, 2025, we had outstanding purchase obligations of approximately $22 million expiring in 2026. The Company has placed orders for $22 million under these obligations as of December 31, 2025. 44 Deferred Tax Amounts At December 31, 2025, the Company had a net deferred tax liability of $110 million comprised primarily of a deferred tax asset of $9 million related to pension liabilities, a deferred tax asset related to postretirement benefits other than pensions of $8 million, deferred tax assets of $14 million related to state, local, and foreign tax loss carryforwards, $88 million related to operating lease liabilities, $19 million of other deferred taxes relating to accrued compensation and other items, $14 million of interest limitation carryforward, and $13 million of federal net operating loss carryforward, offset by a valuation allowance of $4 million and deferred tax liabilities of $88 million relat
ed to fixed assets, $94 million related to inventory, $81 million related to operating lease assets, and $8 million related to intangibles. We may experience fluctuations in our forecasted earnings before income taxes as a result of events which cannot be predicted, which could affect our deferred tax balances. In accordance with ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes,” the Company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets. The Company records a valuation allowance when, based upon the evaluation of all available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this determination, we analyze, among other things, our recent history of earnings, the nature and timing of reversing book-tax temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and future income. The Company had a valuation allowance of $4 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. As of December 31, 2025, the valuation allowance continues to be related to U.S. federal foreign tax credits and foreign tax assets. As described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company assesses the need for a valuation allowance considering all available positive and negative evidence, including past operating results, projections of future taxable income, and the feasibility of ongoing tax planning strategies. The Company will continue to maintain a valuation allowance on certain U.S. federal and foreign deferred tax assets until such time as in management’s judgment, considering all available positive and negative evidence, the Company determines that these deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable. Critical Accounting Estimates Preparation of this Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting period. Our critical accounting policies, including the assumptions and judgments underlying them, are disclosed in Item 8 within Note 1: Summary of Accounting and Financial Policies. These policies have been consistently applied and address such matters as revenue recognition, depreciation methods, inventory valuation, asset impairment recognition, and pension and postretirement expense. While policies associated with estimates and judgments may be affected by different assumptions or conditions, we believe our estimates and judgments associated with the reported amounts are appropriate in the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates. We consider the policies discussed below as critical to an understanding of our financial statements, as application of these policies places the most significant demands on management’s judgment, with financial reporting results relying on estimation of matters that are uncertain. Income Taxes: Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserve for uncertain tax positions reflect our best estimate of taxes to be paid. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and several foreign jurisdictions. The determination of the consolidated income tax expense requires judgment and estimation by management. It is possible that actual results could differ from the estimates that management has used to determine its consolidated income tax expense. We record operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and the estimated effect of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We follow detailed guidelines in each tax jurisdiction when reviewing tax assets recorded on the balance sheet and provide for valuation allowances as required. Deferred tax assets are reviewed for recoverability based on historical taxable income, the expected reversals of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and on forec
asts of future taxable income. Management evaluates all available positive and negative evidence in making the recoverability assessment. The Company’s income tax provisions are based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. Although the Company believes that the positions taken on filed tax returns are reasonable, it has established tax and interest reserves in recognition that various taxing authorities may challenge the positions taken. For uncertain tax positions, the Company applies the provisions of relevant authoritative guidance, which requires application of a “more likely than not” threshold to the recognition and derecognition of tax positions. The Company’s ongoing assessments of the more 45 likely than not outcomes of tax authority examinations and related tax positions require significant judgment and can increase or decrease the Company’s effective tax rate. Long-lived Assets and Other Intangible Assets: The Company has acquired and may continue to acquire significant long-lived assets and other intangible assets in connection with business combinations that the Company records at fair value. The Company may use valuation specialists, where necessary, to perform appraisals and discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair values of the long-lived assets and other intangible assets acquired. These valuations require management to make estimates and assumptions that are critical in determining the fair values of the long-lived assets and other intangible assets. Long-lived assets held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment is recognized. Determining whether an impairment has occurred typically requires various estimates and assumptions, including determining which undiscounted cash flows are directly related to the potentially impaired asset, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, their amount, and the asset’s residual value, if any. Any related impairment loss is calculated based upon comparison of the fair value to the carrying value of the asset. Separate intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their useful lives. An impaired long-lived or intangible asset would be written down to fair value, based on various available valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method. Goodwill: We assess the recoverability of the carrying value of recorded goodwill annually in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever indicators of potential impairment exist. We test for impairment of goodwill by assessing various qualitative factors with respect to developments in our business and the overall economy. Factors that may be considered indicators of impairment include: deterioration in general economic conditions; declines in the market conditions of our products, including metals prices; a sustained significant decline in our share price and market capitalization; reduced future cash flow estimates; and slower growth rates in our industry, among others. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value based on our qualitative assessment, we will proceed to the goodwill impairment test. We compare the fair value of the reporting unit in which goodwill resides to its carrying value. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using a combination of an income approach and a mark
et approach as this combination is deemed to be the most indicative of our fair value in an orderly transaction between market participants. An income approach based on discounted future cash flows requires us to estimate income from operations based on projected results and discount rates based on a weighted average cost of capital of comparable companies. A market approach estimates fair value using market multiples of various financial measures of comparable public companies. If these estimates or their related assumptions for commodity prices and demand change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for these assets. Based on the impairment test performed on October 1, 2025, the Company concluded that the fair value of the reporting units tested for impairment exceeded the carrying value. As of the date of our quantitative assessment, $161.1 million of goodwill resides at the U.S. reporting unit, which represents the majority of the Company's goodwill balance. Based upon the quantitative assessment performed for the U.S. reporting unit, the fair value of the U.S. reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 10% and as such it was determined that no impairment existed. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires the Company to make significant estimates including forecasts of business and financial performance of the Company’s reporting units. These estimates and assumptions primarily include but are not limited to: the selection of appropriate peer group companies, control premiums appropriate for acquisitions in the industries in which we compete, discount rates, terminal growth rates, and forecasts of revenue, gross margin, operating income, depreciation, amortization, and capital expenditures. In evaluating the U.S. reporting unit, significant weight is placed on forecasted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") and the weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) used in the discounted cash flow model, as we determined these items have the most significant impact on the fair value of the reporting unit. •EBITDA is expected to improve provided that pricing and volumes stabilize, and we expect to gain operating leverage through the growth initiatives that have been undertaken by the Company, such as significant investment in capital expenditures targeted towards our transactional business, specifically higher margin value-added business and our investment in acquisitions resulting in new product lines, industry exposures, and expanded capabilities to our overall portfolio. As our acquisitions are integrated and get more established within the Ryerson network, we expect to see continued growth across our performance metrics. 46 •We used a WACC of 14.5% based upon market participants assumptions. We performed a sensitivity analysis on our estimated fair value noting that a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate results in a decrease of the excess fair value over the carrying value of the reporting unit from 10% to approximately 3%. Although the Company believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to inherent uncertainty in making such estimates. A lack of recovery or further deterioration in market conditions, a trend of weaker than expected financial performance in our business, or a decline in the Company’s market capitalization, among other factors, could result in an impairment charge in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. Pension and postretirement benefit plan assumptions: We sponsor various benefit plans covering a portion of our employees for pension and postretirement medical costs. Statistical methods are used to anticipate future events when calculating expenses and liabilities related to the plans. The statistical methods include assumptions about, among other things, the discount rate, expect
ed return on plan assets, rate of increase of health care costs, and the rate of future compensation increases. Our actuarial consultants also use subjective factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates when estimating expenses and liabilities. The discount rate used for U.S. plans reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on our annual measurement date (December 31) and is subject to change each year. The discount rate is determined by matching, on an approximate basis, the coupons and maturities for a portfolio of corporate bonds (rated Aa or better by Moody’s Investor Services or AA or better by Standard and Poor’s) to the expected plan benefit payments defined by the projected benefit obligation. The discount rates used for plans outside the U.S. are based on the yield of long term high quality corporate bonds, the duration of the liability, and appropriate judgment. When calculating pension expense for 2025, we assumed the pension plans’ assets would generate a long-term rate of return of 6.25% for the JT Ryerson plan and 4.50% for the Central Steel and Wire Company plan, and between 3.00% and 5.50% for the Canadian plans. The expected long-term rate of return assumption was developed based on historical experience and input from the trustee managing the plans’ assets. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on a goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining risk at acceptable levels. The plans strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. We regularly review actual asset allocation and the pension plans’ investments are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. Pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets decreases. Future pension obligations for the U.S. plans were discounted using rates between 5.33% and 6.04% at December 31, 2025. Future pension obligations of the Canadian Salaried Pension Plan were discounted using a rate of 4.65% at December 31, 2025. Lowering the discount rate by 50 basis points would increase the pension liability at December 31, 2025 by approximately $12 million. The calculation of other postretirement benefit obligations requires the use of a number of assumptions, including the assumed discount rate between 4.42% and 5.37% at December 31, 2025 for measuring future payment obligations. The assumptions used in the actuarial calculation of expenses and liabilities may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates, or longer or shorter life spans of participants. These differences may result in a significant impact on the amount of pension or postretirement benefit expense we may record in the future. Legal contingencies: We are involved in a number of legal and regulatory matters including those discussed in Item 8 within Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies. We determine whether an estimated loss from a loss contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. We analyze our legal matters based on available information to assess potential liability. We consult with outside counsel involved in our legal matters when analyzing potential outcomes. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recent accounting pronouncements are discussed within Note 1: Summary of Accounting and Financial Policies in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 47 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 