
===== PAGE 1 =====
Autoscope Technologies Corporation 
 
A Minnesota Corporation 
1115 Hennepin Avenue 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403 
+1 (612) 438.2363 
www.autoscope.com 
investorrelations@autoscope.com 
 
SIC Code: 3829 
 
Quarterly Report 
For the period ending June 30, 2023 
(the “Reporting Period”) 
 
The number of shares outstanding of our Common Stock was 5,432,082 shares as of June 30, 2023. 
The number of shares outstanding of our Common Stock was 5,415,192 shares as of December 31, 2022 (end of previous reporting 
period). 
Indicate by check mark whether the company is a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 12b-2 
of the Exchange Act of 1934):   
Yes ☐     No ☒   (Double-click and select “Default Value” to check) 
Indicate by check mark whether the company’s shell status has changed since the previous reporting period:   
Yes ☐    No ☒ 
Indicate by check mark whether a Change in Control of the company has occurred over this reporting period:   
Yes ☐    No ☒ 
1 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
  
  
Forward-Looking Statements 
  
Certain statements and information included in this Quarterly Report constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements 
represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events and can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as 
“believes,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “expects,” “anticipates” or other comparable terminology. 
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the results 
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause these differences include the factors listed below. 
Although we have attempted to list these factors comprehensively, we wish to caution investors that other factors may prove to be 
important in the future and may affect our operating results. New factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to 
predict all of these factors, nor can we assess the effect each factor or combination of factors may have on our business. 
  
Those risks and uncertainties may include, but are not limited to, our historical dependence on a single product for most of our 
revenue; competition; potential changes in government spending on transportation technology; acceptance of our product offerings 
and designs; budget constraints by governmental entities that purchase our products, including constraints caused by declining tax 
revenue; the continuing ability of Econolite Control Products, Inc. to sell our products and pay royalties owed to us; the mix of and 
margins on the products we sell; our dependence on third parties for manufacturing and marketing our products; our dependence on 
single-source suppliers to meet manufacturing needs; our failure to secure adequate protection for our intellectual property rights; our 
inability to develop new applications and product enhancements; the potential disruptive effect on the markets we serve of new and 
emerging technologies and applications, including vehicle-to-vehicle communications and autonomous vehicles; unanticipated delays, 
costs and expenses inherent in the development and marketing of new products; our inability to respond to low-cost local competitors; 
our inability to properly manage any growth in revenue and/or production requirements; the influence over our voting stock by 
affiliates; our inability to hire and retain key scientific and technical personnel; the effects of legal matters in which we may become 
involved; our inability to achieve and maintain effective internal controls; our inability to successfully integrate any acquisitions; 
tariffs and other trade barriers; our operating costs tend to be fixed, while our revenue tends to be seasonal, thereby resulting in 
operating results that fluctuate from quarter to quarter; any significant variations between actual amounts and the amounts estimated 
for those matters identified as our critical accounting estimates and other significant accounting estimates made in the preparation of 
our financial statements; political and economic instability, including continuing volatility in the economic and political environment 
of the European Union and the war in Ukraine; our inability to comply with international regulatory restrictions over hazardous 
substances and electronic waste; the impact of international supply chain disruptions and delays; the impact of changes in U.S. federal 
and state income tax regulations; the impact of inflation and our ability to pass on rising prices to its customers; and conditions beyond 
our control such as war, terrorist attacks, health epidemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic caused by the coronavirus) and 
economic recession. 
  
We further caution you not to unduly rely on any forward-looking statements because they reflect our views only as of the date the 
statements were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise. 
  
Part A     General Company Information 
 
Item 1  The exact name of the issuer and its predecessors (if any). 
Autoscope Technologies Corporation. (the “Company”) 
Image Sensing Systems, Inc., the predecessor to the Company (predecessor entity; please see Part A, Item 3 of this Quarterly 
Report) 
 
2 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
  
Item 2  The address of the issuer’s principal executive offices and address(es) of the issuer’s principal place of business. 
 
Autoscope Technologies Corporation 
1115 Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403 
Phone: +1 (612) 438.2363 
Website: www.autoscope.com 
  
Investor Relations: InvestorCom 
Phone: +1 (203) 972-9300 
Email: investorrelations@autoscope.com  
Address: 19 Old Kings Highway S., STE 130, Darien, CT 06820  
 
Item 3  The jurisdiction(s) and date of the issuer’s incorporation or organization. 
  
On July 21, 2021, a holding company reorganization was completed (the “Reorganization”) in which Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 
("ISNS") became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the new parent company named “Autoscope Technologies Corporation” ("Autoscope" 
or the “Company”), which became the successor issuer to ISNS. As a result of the Reorganization, Autoscope replaced ISNS as the 
public company trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) under the ticker symbol “AATC,” and outstanding shares of ISNS’s 
common stock automatically converted into shares of common stock of Autoscope. 
  
On December 21, 2022, the Company notified Nasdaq of its intention to file a “Form 25 – Notification of Removal from Listing 
and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934” with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“SEC”) on or about December 30, 2022. The purpose of the Form 25 filing was to effect the delisting from Nasdaq of the Company’s 
outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), and the deregistration of the Common Stock under 
Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). 
  
Upon the effectiveness of the Form 25 filing, the Company filed a Form 15 on January 17, 2023 with the SEC to suspend the 
Company’s duty to file reports under Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to deregister its Common Stock under Section 
12(b) of the Exchange Act. The deregistration under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act was effective on April 17, 2023, 90 days after 
filing the Form 15, at which time the Company’s other filing requirements under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act terminated. 
  
On February 10, 2023, the Company was admitted and is qualified to trade on the OTCQX Best Market under the symbol “AATC”. 
Because the Company did not file its 2022 Annual Report with the QTCIQ on a timely basis, on May 2, 2023 Company’s common 
stock was removed from OTCQX Best Market and placed on the Pink Market under “Limited Information.”  The Company filed its 
2022 Annual Report with the OTCIQ on May 11, 2023 and its common stock is now traded on the OTCQX Best Market as of May 
15, 2023. 
  
As used in this Quarterly Report, the "Company", "we", "us" and "our" or its management or business at any time before the effective 
date of the Reorganization refer to those of ISNS as the predecessor company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and thereafter to 
Autoscope and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, except as otherwise specified or to the extent the context otherwise indicates. 
  
Autoscope was incorporated in Minnesota on April 23, 2021 and is deemed active under the laws of the State of Minnesota. ISNS was 
incorporated in Minnesota on December 20, 1984 and is deemed active under the laws of the State of Minnesota. 
 
3 
 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
 Part B       Share Structure 
 
Item 4  The exact title and class of securities outstanding. 
 
The Company had 5,432,082 shares of Common Stock outstanding at June 30, 2023. The Company’s CUSIP number is 053306106. 
The Company’s trading symbol is AATC. 
 
Item 5  Par or stated value and description of the security. 
Our Articles of Incorporation (“Articles”) authorize us to issue a total of 25,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 20,000,000 
shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. The par value of the Common Stock is 
$0.01 per share. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding.  
  
Voting Rights. The holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by 
shareholders. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at a 
meeting of the shareholders of Autoscope and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Except as otherwise provided by applicable 
law, our Articles, or our Bylaws, every matter other than the election of directors will be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority 
of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the shareholders meeting at which a quorum is present 
and entitled to vote on such matter. As provided in our Articles, holders of shares of our Common Stock are not entitled to cumulate 
their votes in the election of directors or with respect to any matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders. 
  
Dividends. The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends declared by our Board of Directors (the “Board”) out 
of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under the Minnesota Business Corporation Act (Chapter 302A of the 
Minnesota Statutes) (the MBCA”), subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of our preferred stock. 
  
Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our business, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share 
equally in all assets available for distribution after payment of all liabilities and provision for the liquidation preference of any shares 
of preferred stock then outstanding. 
  
Rights and Preferences. The holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no rights to convert their Common Stock 
into any other securities. There are also no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock. 
  
Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Articles, Bylaws, and Minnesota Law 
  
Rights Agreement.  Autoscope is a party to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of July 21, 2021 by and among 
Autoscope, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and, only with respect to Section 37 thereof, ISNS (the “Original Rights 
Agreement”). The Company and the Rights Agent entered into a First Amendment to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement (the 
“First Amendment”), which was signed on March 4, 2022 with an effective date of March 1, 2022.  The Original Rights Agreement, 
as amended by the First Amendment, is referred to in this Quarterly Report as the “Rights Agreement.” The Rights Agreement is 
designed to protect shareholder value by mitigating the likelihood of an “ownership change” that would result in significant limitations 
to our ability to use our net operating losses or other tax benefits to offset future income. The Rights Agreement provides, subject to 
certain exceptions, that if any person or group acquires 4.99% or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, there would be a 
triggering event potentially resulting in significant dilution in the voting power and economic ownership of that person or group. 
Existing shareholders who owned 4.99% or more of our outstanding Common Stock as of the date the Rights Agreement was adopted 
will trigger a dilutive event only if they acquire an additional 1% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. The termination 
date of the Rights Agreement is June 4, 2024.  
  
Minnesota Law. We are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of section 302A.671 of the MBCA. This provision generally limits the 
voting rights of a shareholder acquiring at least 20% of the voting shares of a corporation in an attempted takeover or otherwise 
becoming a substantial shareholder unless holders of a majority of the voting power of the disinterested shares approve full voting 
rights for such substantial shareholder, with certain exceptions. 
 
 
4 
 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
Section 302A.673 of the MBCA generally prohibits a public Minnesota corporation from engaging in a business combination with an 
interested shareholder for a period of four years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder 
unless before the date of the transaction, a committee of the board of directors of the corporation consisting of one or more 
disinterested directors or, if the board has no disinterested directors, by three or more disinterested persons selected by the board, 
approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. As 
used in section 302A.673, a business combination includes: 
 
• any merger or consolidation involving Autoscope or its subsidiary and the interested shareholder; 
• any exchange under a plan of exchange of shares or other securities of Autoscope or its subsidiary or money, or other property for 
shares, other securities, money or property of the interested shareholder; 
• any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other disposition involving the interested shareholder of assets of 
Autoscope having an aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of the aggregate market value of all of the assets of 
Autoscope; 
• the issuance or transfer by Autoscope of its shares of that have an aggregate market value equal to at least 5% of the aggregate 
market value of all of the outstanding shares of Autoscope to the interested shareholder; 
• Autoscope’s adoption of any plan or proposal for its liquidation or dissolution proposed by or on behalf of the interested 
shareholder; 
• any reclassification of securities or recapitalization of Autoscope proposed by or on behalf of the interested shareholder that has 
the effect of increasing the proportionate share of any class or series of voting shares of Autoscope that is owned by the interested 
shareholders; or 
• the receipt by the interested shareholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial assistance 
provided by or through Autoscope. 
 
In general, as used in section 302A.673, an interested shareholder is defined in section 302A.011, subdivision 49 as any entity or 
person beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, or an affiliate or 
associate of the Company that, at any time within the four-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial 
owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of Autoscope. 
 
Articles of Incorporation. Certain provisions of our Articles may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential 
change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium 
for their shares, or transactions that our shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions 
could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Among other things, our Articles: 
 
• permit our Board to authorize and issue shares of preferred stock without prior shareholder approval, commonly referred to as 
“blank check” preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as the Board may designate, including the right to 
approve an acquisition or other change in our control; 
• provide that the authorized number of directors may be increased by resolution of the Board; 
• provide that all vacancies, including newly-created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the 
affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; and 
• do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled 
to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election). 
 
Limitation on Liability of Directors and Indemnification. Our Articles limit the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted 
by the MBCA. Section 302A.251, subdivision 4 of the MBCA provides that a director’s personal liability to Autoscope or its 
shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty may be eliminated, except for liability due to: 
 
5 
 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
• breach of the duty of loyalty to Autoscope or its shareholders; 
• acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 
• the unlawful payment of dividends or redemption of shares as provided in section 302A.559 of the MBCA or civil liability for 
securities violations under section 80A.76 of the Minnesota Statutes; or 
• transactions from which our directors derived an improper personal benefit. 
 
These limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of 
equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 
 
Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify and advance expenses to our directors, officers and persons serving in any other capacity 
at our request to the fullest extent permitted by Minnesota law. Section 302A.521 of the MBCA also permits us to secure insurance on 
behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in connection with their 
services to us. We maintain a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy. 
 
Item 6       The number of shares or total amount of the securities outstanding for each class of securities authorized. 
Common Stock 
(i) 
Period end date: 
June 30, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 
2021 
(ii) 
Number of shares authorized 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
(iii) Number of shares outstanding 
5,432,082 
5,415,192 
5,378,657 
(iv) Freely tradable shares (public float) 
4,214,007 
4,214,007 
4,239,552 
(v) 
Number of beneficial shareholders owning at least 100 shares 
* 
* 
* 
(vi) Total number of shareholders of record 
23 
23 
24 
 
*The number of beneficial shareholders of Autoscope Technologies Corporation owning at least 100 shares exceeds 50. 
Preferred Stock 
 
(i) 
Period end date: 
June 30, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 
2021 
(ii) 
Number of shares authorized 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
(iii) Number of shares outstanding 
0 
0 
0 
(iv) Freely tradable shares (public float) 
0 
0 
0 
(v) 
Number of beneficial shareholders owning at least 100 shares 
0 
0 
0 
(vi) Total number of shareholders of record 
0 
0 
0 
  
Item 7       The name and address of the transfer agent. 
  
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 
1 State Street, 30th Floor 
New York, NY 10004-1561 
Phone: +1 (212) 509-4000 
  
The Company’s transfer agent is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is an authorized transfer agent subject to 
regulation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
6 
 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Part C       Business Information 
 
Item 8       The nature of the issuer’s business. 
  
A.         Business Development 
 
Autoscope creates value through owning and supporting operating subsidiaries and investments, anchored by core investments in the 
fields of technology and engineering. Autoscope's main subsidiary is ISNS. For at least the last three years, and as described in this 
Part C, Item 8 below, ISNS has been committed to providing above-ground detection technology products for advanced traffic 
management systems, traffic data collection applications, and related markets. 
 
As described in Part A, Item 3 of this Quarterly Report, Autoscope was incorporated as a Minnesota corporation on April 23, 2021, 
and ISNS was incorporated as a Minnesota corporation on December 20, 1984. Autoscope and ISNS have a fiscal year ending on 
December 31. Also as described in Part A, Item 3 of this Quarterly Report, in the Reorganization, ISNS became a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Autoscope, which became the successor issuer to ISNS. As a result of the Reorganization, Autoscope replaced ISNS as 
the public company trading on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol “AATC,” and outstanding shares of ISNS’s common stock 
automatically converted into shares of Common Stock of Autoscope. 
 
During the immediately preceding three years and through the date of this Quarterly Report: 
 
• Autoscope and ISNS have not been involved as a debtor in any bankruptcy, receivership, or any similar proceeding; 
• Neither Autoscope nor ISNS has been involved in any material reclassifications, mergers, consolidations or purchases or sales of 
any significant amount of assets, other than the Reorganization; 
• Neither Autoscope nor ISNS has defaulted on the terms of any note, loan, lease or other indebtedness or financing arrangement 
requiring either Autoscope or ISNS to make payments; 
• There has been no change in control of Autoscope or ISNS; 
• There has not been any increase of 10% or more in any class of securities of Autoscope; 
• There has not been any past, pending or anticipated stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, acquisition, spin-off or 
reorganization, except as disclosed in Note 15, Start Up, Restructuring and Exit Activities in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the Company’s December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements and incorporated by 
reference into this Quarterly Report from the Company’s 2022 Annual Report filed separately through the OTC Disclosure and 
News Service and available at www.otcmarkets.com; 
• There has not been any delisting of Autoscope’s securities by any securities exchange except for the voluntary delisting from 
Nasdaq described in Part A, Item 3 above; and 
• There has not been any pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the Autoscope or 
ISNS that could have a material effect on Autoscope's business, financial condition, or operations and no pending trading 
suspensions by a securities regulator involving Autoscope or ISNS. 
7 
 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
B.         Business of Issuer  
General 
 
ISNS is a global company committed to providing above-ground detection technology products for advanced traffic management 
systems, traffic data collection applications, and related markets. ISNS pioneered video image processing, also known as machine 
vision, for vehicle detection and continues to be an industry leader today. ISNS's industry-leading products include the Autoscope® 
video or video products, RTMS® radar or radar products (“RTMS”), and IntellitraffiQ®, or iQ products, which provide end users with 
the tools needed to optimize traffic flow and enhance driver safety. ISNS's technology analyzes signals from sophisticated sensors and 
transmits the information to management systems and controllers or directly to users. ISNS's products provide end users with 
complete solutions for the intersection and transportation markets. 
 
ISNS's technology is a process in which software, rather than humans, examines outputs from various types of sophisticated sensors to 
determine what is happening in a field of view. In the intelligent transportation systems ("ITS") industry, this process is a critical 
component of managing congestion and traffic flow. In many cities, it is not possible to build roads, bridges and highways quickly 
enough to accommodate the increasing congestion levels. During 2020, congestion levels decreased significantly as a result of 
COVID-19 related government lockdowns, although automobile travel has rebounded in many areas, causing congestion levels to 
begin returning to previous levels (per INRIX 2020 Global Traffic scorecard). In 2021, on average, United States commuters lost 36 
hours a year in congestion, which cost an average of $564 per driver in wasted time (per INRIX 2021 Global Traffic scorecard). We 
believe this growing use of vehicles will make our ITS solutions increasingly necessary to complement existing and new roadway 
infrastructure to manage traffic flow and optimize throughput. 
 
We believe ISNS's solutions are technically superior to those of our competitors because they have a higher level of accuracy, limit the 
occurrence of false detection, are generally easier to install with lower costs of ownership, work effectively in a multitude of light and 
weather conditions, and provide end users the ability to manage inputs from a variety of sensors for a number of tasks. It is our view 
that the technical advantages of ISNS's products make our solutions well suited for use in ITS markets. 
 
We believe the strength of our distribution channels positions us to increase the penetration of our technology-driven solutions in the 
marketplace. Autoscope video products are marketed in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean through exclusive 
agreements with Econolite Control Products, Inc. (“Econolite”), which we believe is the leading distributor of ITS intersection control 
products in these markets. 
 
RTMS radar systems are marketed to a network of distributors globally. On a limited basis, we may sell directly to the end user. 
Autoscope video products are marketed outside the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean through a combination of 
distribution and direct sales channels through our office in Spain. Our end users primarily include governmental agencies and 
municipalities. 
 
With more than 140,000 installations in over 70 countries worldwide, ISNS remains dedicated to helping improve safety and 
efficiency for cities and highways by providing meaningful and reliable data through innovative technologies, applications, and 
solutions. 
 
8 
 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
The Intelligent Transportation Systems Market 
 
The ITS market encompasses a broad range of information processing and control electronics technologies that, when integrated into 
roadway infrastructure, help monitor and manage traffic flow, reduce congestion, and enhance driver safety. The ITS market has been 
built around the detection of conditions that impact the proper operation of roadway infrastructure. ITS applications include a wide 
array of traffic management systems, such as traffic signal control, tolling and variable messaging signs. ITS technologies include 
video vehicle detection, inductive loop detection, sensing technologies (such as radar), floating cellular data, computational 
technologies and wireless communications. 
 
In traffic management applications, vehicle detection products are used for automated vehicle detection and are a primary data source 
upon which ITS solutions are built. Traditionally, automated vehicle detection is performed using inductive wire loops buried in the 
pavement. However, in-pavement loop detectors are costly to install, difficult to maintain, expensive to repair and not capable of 
either wide area vehicle detection without installations of multiple loops. 
 
Above-ground detection solutions for ITS offer several advantages to in-pavement loop detectors. Above-ground detection solutions 
tend to have a lower total cost of ownership than in-pavement loop detectors because above-ground solutions are nondestructive to 
road surfaces, do not require closing roadways to install or repair, and are capable of wide area vehicle detection with a single device, 
thus enabling one input device to do the work of many in-pavement loops. Due to their location above-ground, these solutions have no 
exposure to the wear and tear associated with expanding and contracting pavement and generally less exposure to the vibration and 
compaction caused by traffic. Furthermore, in the event of malfunction or product failure, above-ground detection solutions can be 
serviced and repaired without shutting down the roadway. Each of these factors results in greater up time and increased reliability of 
above-ground detection solutions compared to in-pavement loop detectors. These technology solutions also offer a broader set of 
detection capabilities and a wider field of view than in-pavement loop detectors. In addition, a single unit video or radar-based system 
can detect and measure a variety of parameters, including vehicle presence, counts, speed, length, time occupancy, headway and flow 
rate as well as environmental factors and obstructions to the roadway. An equivalent installation using loops would require many 
installations per lane. 
 
Subsidiaries, Research and Development, and Employees 
 
The Company’s subsidiaries are listed below: 
Company Name 
% of 
Ownership 
Country or US State of Incorporation 
Autoscope Technologies India Private Limited 
100% 
India 
Image Sensing Systems HK Limited 
100% 
China 
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 
100% 
Minnesota, USA 
ISS Image Sensing Systems Canada 
100% 
Canada 
Image Sensing Systems Spain SLU 
100% 
Spain 
  
The Company spent $2.1 million and $2.2 million on research and development activities during the last two fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and $1.3 million and $1.0 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. 
 
As of June 30, 2023, we had 38 employees, consisting of 31 employees in North America, six employees in India and one employee in 
Europe. None of our employees are represented by a union. 
 
9 
 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 
 
Other Information 
The Company’s SIC Code is 3289, which is measuring and controlling devices not elsewhere classified. 
The Company is not a “shell company.” For purposes of this Quarterly Report, a “shell company” means an issuer, other than a 
business combination related shell company, as defined by Securities Act Rule 405, or an asset-backed issuer, as defined by Item 
1101(b) of Regulation AB, that has: 
 
(1) No or nominal operations; and 
(2) Either: 
 
a. No or nominal assets, 
 
b. Assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents, or 
 
c. Assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 
 
Item 9     The nature of products or services offered.  
 
A.         Principal products or services, and their markets 
 
Our vehicle and traffic detection products are critical components of many ITS applications. Our Autoscope video systems and RTMS 
radar systems convert sensory input collected by video and radar modules into vehicle detection and traffic data used to operate, 
monitor, and improve the efficiency and safety of roadway infrastructure. At the core of each product line are proprietary digital signal 
processing algorithms and sophisticated embedded software that analyze sensory input and deliver actionable data to integrated 
applications. Our digital signal processing software algorithms represent a foundation on which to support additional product 
development into the automatic incident detection (AID) market. 
 
Our Autoscope video systems and RTMS radar systems convert sensory input collected by video and radar modules into vehicle 
detection and traffic data used to operate, monitor, and improve the efficiency and safety of roadway infrastructure. At the core of 
each product line are proprietary digital signal processing algorithms and sophisticated embedded software that analyze sensory input 
and deliver actionable data to integrated applications. 
 
Autoscope Video. Our Autoscope video system processes video input from a traffic scene in real time and extracts the required traffic 
data, including vehicle presence, bicycle presence/differentiation, counts, speed, length, time occupancy (percent of time the detection 
zone is occupied), turning movements (quantifying the movement of vehicles) and flow rate (vehicles per hour per lane). For 
intersections, the system communicates with the intersection signal controller, which changes the traffic lights based on the data 
provided. The data may also be transmitted to a traffic management center via the internet or other standard communication means 
and processed in real time to assist in traffic management and stored for later analysis for traffic planning purposes. 
 
Autoscope IntelliSight. Launched in 2023, Autoscope IntelliSight has been released for the European market. Autoscope IntelliSight 
offers the most advanced detection algorithms with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning on the market today. The camera 
and processor provide high performance vehicle detection, bicycle and pedestrian detection, and enhanced traffic data collection in 
real-time, and they are Smart City ready with connectivity to other systems. The performance of IntelliSight is robust and reliable and 
is based on a new hardware platform designed to enable future capabilities and solutions. 
 
Autoscope Vision is our flagship integrated product that includes a color high definition, zoom camera and machine vision processing 
computer contained in a compact housing that is our leading offering in the North American market. Autoscope rack-based products 
offer digital MPEG 4 video streaming, high-speed Ethernet interface, web browser maintenance and data and video over power line 
communications. The Autoscope Vision product offers high-definition streaming video, built-in Wi-Fi for quick and easy setup, cost-
effective three-wire cable, and full screen object detection and motion tracking algorithm technology for best-in-class detection 
accuracy. 
 
10 
 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 
RTMS Radar. Our RTMS radar systems use radar to measure vehicle presence, volume, occupancy, speed and classification 
information for roadway monitoring applications. Data is transmitted to a central computer at a traffic management center via standard 
communication means, including wireless. Data can be processed in real time to assist in traffic management and stored for later 
analysis for traffic planning purposes. 
  
RTMS radar is an integrated radar transmitter/receiver and embedded processor contained in a compact, self-contained unit. The unit 
is typically situated on roadway poles and side fired, making it especially well-suited for highway detection applications. 
 
The RTMS Echo, launched in 2020, is the culmination of a two-year development effort resulting in best in class per-vehicle speed 
calculation, Wi-Fi connectivity, the ability to store one million individual vehicle records, and a powerful application programming 
interface (API) that unlocks new insights and value for our customers. Designed and tested for global applicability, the Echo is our 
flagship RTMS product. Echo is a non-intrusive radar for the detection and measurement of traffic on roadways and is currently our 
leading offering in both North America and the Middle East. Simultaneously, the Echo sensor provides per vehicle data including 
volume, occupancy, speed, and classification information in up to twelve detection zones. The installation is simple with built-in 
aiming guidance, auto configuration of the sensor, and wireless configuration via mobile device, tablet, or laptop. The Echo has 
expansion capability when it’s paired with a high-definition camera that provides the user with visual setup confirmation, data capture 
and real-time traffic surveillance.  
  
We also offer a video based wrong way module that uses a video based digital video stream and leverages our video detection 
algorithms to identify occurrences of vehicles driving in the incorrect direction. The event is captured and sent to the end users via 
short message service (SMS) and email in parallel with actuation or roadside or in-pavement warning systems to help drivers self-
correct or alert agency personnel if drivers continue towards on-coming traffic. 
 
B.         Distribution methods of the products or services 
 
We market and sell our products globally. Together with our partners, we offer a combination of high-performance detection 
technology and experienced local support. Our end users primarily consist of federal, state, city and county departments of 
transportation, port, highway, tunnel and other transportation authorities. The decision makers within these entities typically are traffic 
planners and engineers, who in turn often rely on consulting firms that perform planning and feasibility studies. Our products 
sometimes are sold directly to system integrators or other suppliers of systems and services who are operating under subcontracts in 
connection with major road construction contracts. 
 
Sales of Autoscope Video in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. We have granted Econolite an exclusive right to 
manufacture, market and distribute the Autoscope video system in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. The 
agreement with Econolite grants it a first refusal right that arises when we make a proposal to Econolite to extend the license to 
additional products in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean and a first negotiation right that arises when we make a 
proposal to Econolite to include rights corresponding to Econolite’s rights under our current agreements in countries not in these 
territories. Econolite provides the marketing and technical support needed for its sales in these territories. Econolite pays us a royalty 
on the gross profit derived from its sales of the Autoscope system. We provide second tier technical support for Autoscope and video 
products. We have the right to terminate our agreements with Econolite if it does not meet minimum annual sales levels or if Econolite 
fails to make payments as required by the agreements. In 2008, the term of the original agreement with Econolite, as amended, was 
extended to 2031. The agreement can be terminated by either party upon three years’ notice. 
 
11 
 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 
Sales of RTMS Radar in North America, the Caribbean and Latin America. We market the RTMS radar systems to a network of 
distributors covering countries in North America, the Caribbean and Latin America. On a limited basis, we sell directly to the end 
user. We provide technical support to these distributors from our various North American locations. 
  
Sales in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. We market our Autoscope video and RTMS radar product lines of products to a 
network of distributors covering countries in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia through our wholly-owned subsidiary in Spain. 
On a limited basis, we sell directly to the end user. Technical support to these distributors is provided by our wholly-owned subsidiary 
in Spain, with second tier support provided by our engineering groups. From time to time, we may grant exclusive rights to Econolite 
for markets outside of our significant markets for certain jurisdictions or product sales based on facts and circumstances related to the 
opportunities. 
 
C.         Status of any publicly announced new product or service 
 
On May 3, 2023, ISNS announced the availability of Autoscope IntelliSight for the European market. Autoscope IntelliSight offers the 
most advanced detection algorithms with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning on the market today. The camera and 
processor provide high-performance vehicle detection, bicycle and pedestrian detection, enhanced traffic data collection in real-time, 
and they are Smart City ready with connectivity to other systems. The performance of IntelliSight is robust and reliable and is based 
on a new hardware platform designed to enable future capabilities and solutions. ISNS expects to release a comparable version of 
Autoscope IntelliSight during the last six months of 2023 which, pending successful negotiations would be distributed by Econolite in 
North America under the brand name Autoscope OptiVu. 
 
D.         Competitive business conditions, the issuer’s competitive position in the industry, and methods of competition 
 
We compete with companies that develop, manufacture and sell traffic management devices using video and radar sensing 
technologies as well as other above-ground detection technologies based on laser, infrared and acoustic sensors. For ITS applications, 
we also compete with providers of in-pavement loop detectors and estimate that more than 60% of the traffic management systems 
currently in use in the U.S. use in-pavement loop detectors. For competition with other above-ground detection products, we typically 
compete on performance and functionality, and to a lesser extent on price. When competing against providers of loop detectors, we 
compete principally on ease of installation and the total cost of ownership over a multi-year period, and to a lesser extent on 
functionality. 
  
Among the companies that provide direct competition to Autoscope video worldwide are Iteris, Inc., Miovision Technologies 
Incorporated, Wavetronix, LLC, FLIR Systems, Inc., GRIDSMART, Signal Group Inc. (Peek), Citilog S.A., Sensys Inc., and 
Smartmicro Inc. Among the companies that provide direct competition to RTMS radar worldwide are Wavetronix, LLC, Houston 
Radar, LLC, MS Sedco Inc., and Smartmicro Sensors GmbH. In addition, there are smaller local companies providing direct 
competition to the Company in specific markets throughout the world. We are aware that these and other companies will continue to 
develop technologies for use in traffic management applications. One or more of these technologies could in the future provide 
increased competition for our systems. 
 
E.         Sources and availability of raw materials and the names of principal suppliers 
 
Autoscope video products for sale under the Econolite license agreement are manufactured through agreements with Econolite. 
Econolite is responsible for securing raw materials and setting warranty terms and must provide all service required under this 
warranty. In Europe and Asia, we engage contract manufacturers to manufacture the Autoscope family of products. 
  
We engage E.I. Microcircuits, Inc. to manufacture our radar products and perform warranty and post-warranty repairs for all radar 
units sold. 
  
We typically provide a two- to three-year warranty on our products. 
  
Most of the hardware components used to manufacture our products are standard electronics components that are available from 
multiple sources. Although some of the components used in our products are obtained from single source suppliers, we believe other 
component vendors are available should the necessity arise.  
12 
 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 
F.         Dependence on one or a few major customers 
 
We have granted Econolite an exclusive right to manufacture, market and distribute the Autoscope video system in the United States, 
Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. The agreement with Econolite grants it a first refusal right that arises when we make a proposal to 
Econolite to extend the license to additional products in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean and a first negotiation 
right that arises when we make a proposal to Econolite to include rights corresponding to Econolite’s rights under our current 
agreements in countries not in these territories. Econolite provides the marketing and technical support needed for its sales in these 
territories. 
  
In exchange for its rights under the agreements, Econolite pays us royalties for sales of the Autoscope video system. Since 2002, a 
substantial portion of our revenue has consisted of royalties resulting from sales made by Econolite, including 66% and 64% in the 
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 85% and 58% in the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. Econolite’s account receivable represented 65% and 58% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
respectively, and 83% and 51% of our accounts receivable at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We expect that Econolite will 
continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Any decrease in Econolite’s sales volume could 
significantly reduce our royalty revenue and adversely impact earnings. A failure by Econolite to make royalty payments to us in a 
timely manner or at all will harm our financial condition. In addition, we believe sales of our products are a material part of 
Econolite’s business, and any significant decrease in Econolite’s sales of the other products it sells could harm Econolite, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 
G.         Patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts, including their duration 
 
To protect our rights to our proprietary, know-how, technology and other intellectual property, it is our policy to require all employees 
and consultants to sign confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure of our confidential information to any third parties. 
These agreements also require disclosure and assignment to us of any discoveries and inventions made by employees and consultants 
while they are devoted to our business activities. We also rely on trade secret, copyright and trademark laws to protect our intellectual 
property. We have also entered into exclusive and nonexclusive license and confidentiality agreements relating to our own and third 
party technologies. We aggressively protect our processes, products, and strategies as proprietary trade secrets. Our efforts to protect 
intellectual property and avoid disputes over proprietary rights include ongoing review of third-party patents and patent applications. 
  
The Company’s workforce is not subject to collective bargaining. 
 
H.         The need for any governmental approval of principal products or services and the status of such of any requested 
government approvals 
 
The European Parliament has enacted a directive for the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and 
electronic equipment (“RoHS”). To our knowledge, our contract manufacturing and component vendors in Europe and Asia comply 
with the European directive on RoHS. There is no material effect on the Company to comply with existing and, to the Company’s 
knowledge, probable applicable governmental regulations of its business, including any governmental approvals, or the costs and 
effects of compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws. 
 
Item 10     The nature and extent of the issuer’s facilities. 
 
Our largest physical office and headquarters are located at 1115 Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403, where we own a 
two-story office building which contains approximately 9,000 square feet of office space, (the “Property”). The Property, including 
land and certain real property, was purchased by ISNS in December 2021. ISNS financed the purchase of the Property through a loan 
from Coulee Bank. ISNS fully occupied the Property in February 2022. 
 
We continue to lease approximately 160 square feet in our former headquarters at 400 Spruce Tree Centre, 1600 University Avenue 
West, St. Paul, Minnesota 55104. We also lease smaller facilities in Canada, India, and Spain primarily as office space for local 
employees and storage of items used in the sale and support of the Company’s products and services. 
 
13 
 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 
  
Part D       Management Structure and Financial Information 
 
Item 11     Company Insiders (Officers, Directors, and Control Persons). 
 
A.         Officers and Directors 
 
Directors 
 
The identities of the members of the Board of the Company, as well as certain information about them, as of June 30, 2023 are 
presented in the following table; the address of each director is 1115 Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403: 
 
Name 
Position with Company 
Director Since 
Andrew T. Berger 
Executive Chair of the Board of Directors 
October 2015 
James W. Bracke 
Director 
March 2009 
Joseph P. Daly 
Director, Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Nominating and 
Governance Committee 
January 2019 
Ezekiel J. Kruglick 
Director, Chair of Compensation Committee 
September 2021 
Brian J. VanDerBosch 
Director, Chair of the Audit Committee 
June 2021 
  
Andrew T. Berger 
Executive Chair of the Board of Directors 
Andrew T. Berger has been a director of Autoscope and ISNS since October 2015, Executive Chair of ISNS since June 2016, a 
director and Chief Executive Officer of Autoscope from April 2021 until November 2022, and the Executive Chair of Autoscope since 
March 10, 2022. Mr. Berger was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Tuesday Morning Corporation, an off-price retailer of home 
goods and décor, on November 4, 2022. In February 2023, Tuesday Morning Corporation filed for Chapter 11 protection under the 
federal bankruptcy laws. Mr. Berger is the Managing Member of AB Value Management LLC, which serves as the General Partner of 
AB Value Partners, LP.  Mr. Berger has over two decades of experience in investment analysis, investment management, and business 
consulting. From 1998 through 2002, Mr. Berger served as Equity Analyst for Value Line, Inc.  Since 2002, Mr. Berger has served as 
President of Walker's Manual, Inc., an investment publisher that he transformed into a business consulting company whose clients 
have included public and private companies. From 2017 through 2022, Mr. Berger served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cosi, Inc., 
a fast-casual restaurant chain that operates and franchises more than 25 domestic and international restaurants.  In 2020, Cosi, Inc. 
filed for Chapter 11 protection under the federal bankruptcy laws, and it successfully emerged from the Chapter 11 in August 
2022.  From January 2020 through October 2021, Mr. Berger served on the board of directors of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, 
Inc., (Nasdaq: RMCF), an international franchisor and confectionery manufacturer. 
 
James W. Bracke 
Director 
James W. Bracke has been a director of Autoscope since March 2009. Mr. Bracke was Chairman of the Board from September 2011 
until June 2016. He is member of the Audit, Compensation and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr. Bracke 
has also been a director of NVE Corporation, a leader in the practical commercialization of spintronics nanotechnology, since 2021. 
Mr. Bracke has been President of Boulder Creek Consulting, LLC, a business and technology consulting firm, since 2004. He was 
Vice President of Oral Health and EPIEN Medical Inc., a privately-held medical device company, from April 2014 to September 
2018. Mr. Bracke was a director of Enventis Corporation, formerly known as Hickory Tech Corporation, a publicly‐held company, 
from 2004 until it was acquired by Consolidated Communications Holdings, Inc. in October 2014. Mr. Bracke was also Managing 
Director of National Green Gas LLC, a medical waste-to-energy company, from 2009 to 2014. Mr. Bracke is qualified to serve on our 
Board due to his management, technical and public company experiences, most significantly his 20 years as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc., a publicly‐held medical device manufacturer, from 1983 to 2004. 
 
14 
 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 
Joseph P. Daly 
Director 
Joseph P. Daly has been a director since January 2019. Mr. Daly is the lead independent director of Autoscope and a member and the 
Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Daly is the Chief Executive Officer of Essig Research, Inc., a 
global engineering services company specializing in the design and repair of large, infrastructure-related equipment, which he founded 
in October 1993. Since January 2012, Mr. Daly has been a business and finance instructor at Northeastern University in Boston, 
Massachusetts. In October 2016, Mr. Daly acquired the product lifecycle management ("PLM") software assets of SofTech Inc. and 
formed EssigPLM, which offers PLM-related solutions to a broad, global client base. Mr. Daly was also a director from December 
2013 through July 2016 and largest shareholder of Kreisler Manufacturing Inc., which was acquired by Arlington Capital Partners in 
July 2016. Mr. Daly received his BSME from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and his MBA/MSF from Northeastern University.  
 
Ezekiel J. Kruglick 
Director 
Ezekiel (“Zeke”) J. Kruglick has been a director since September 2021. Dr. Kruglick is a member the Audit Committee and a member 
and the Chair of the Compensation Committee. Dr. Kruglick served on the Board of Directors of Cognitive Battery Systems from 
2017 to 2022. Since January 2021, Dr. Kruglick has served as a Technical Advisor to the Board of PaperClip Inc., a leading supplier 
of enterprise cloud content management services that enable document management, communications, and data transcription focused 
on achieving “Straight Through Processing”. Dr. Kruglick also served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Ardent Research, a 
full-service research and development boutique firm specializing in technology development, from November 2009 to April 2021, 
resulting in a highly profitable sale of the assets. From July 2016 to January 2020, Dr. Kruglick served as a Technical Advisor to the 
Executive Chairman and Board of Directors of ISNS. Dr. Kruglick received his B.S. and M.S. in electrical engineering and computer 
science from the University of California, Los Angeles, and his Ph.D. in electrical engineering and computer science from the 
University of California, Berkeley. 
 
Brian J. VanDerBosch 
Director 
Brian J. VanDerBosch has been a director since June 2021. Mr. VanDerBosch is a member and Chair of the Audit Committee and a 
member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. VanDerBosch has been Executive Vice President of Proprietors Capital Holdings, LLC, 
an angel investing fund, since October 2019. He was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Global Traffic 
Technologies, LLC, a developer and manufacturer of traffic signal priority control and traffic detection systems. He served in these 
capacities under private equity ownership from January 2008 to August 2016 when the business was sold to Fortive Corporation and 
remained with the business through April 2019. Mr. VanDerBosch was Chief Financial Officer of Lubrication Technologies, Inc., a 
provider of advanced lubrication and energy solutions, from February 2001 through December 2007. Prior to 2001, he held various 
financial positions in publicly-traded and privately-held companies in diverse industries. Mr. VanDerBosch earned his Bachelor of 
Science degree in Accounting from the University of Minnesota and is a CPA (inactive). 
 
Executive Officer 
 
The only executive officer of the Company, as well as certain information about him, as of June 30, 2023 are presented in the 
following table. 
  
Name 
Position with Company 
Officer Since 
Francis G. (Frank) Hallowell 
Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
April 29, 2019 
  
All correspondence to the Company’s executive officer may be mailed to the Company’s corporate headquarters at  
  
1115 Hennepin Avenue  
Minneapolis, MN 55403 United States 
 
15 
 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 
Biographical information for the current executive officer not already described herein appears below. 
  
Frank Hallowell was appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer of Autoscope on November 10, 2022. Mr. Hallowell continues to serve 
as Chief Financial Officer of Autoscope and ISNS and as President and Chief Operating Officer of ISNS. On February 1, 2022, Mr. 
Hallowell was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of ISNS. On April 29, 2021, Mr. Hallowell was appointed Chief 
Financial Officer of Autoscope. Mr. Hallowell joined ISNS and was appointed Chief Financial Officer on April 29, 2019. 
  
Prior to joining the Company in 2019, Mr. Hallowell served in senior management roles at AT&T (formerly BellSouth Corporation), 
Dataserv, Inc., ExpressPoint Technology Services, Inc., Logic PD, Inc., KPMG LLP, Legal Research Center, Pearson Plc., Scantron 
Corporation, and Wipaire, Inc., where he served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from January 2016 to April 2019. 
Equity Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 
  
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Autoscope's Common Stock as of June 
30, 2023 by (1) each person or entity known by us to own beneficially more than five percent (5%) of Autoscope's Common Stock; 
(2) each director of Autoscope; (3) our only executive officer; and (4) all of our directors and our executive officer as a group. 
  
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting power and investment power with 
respect to Autoscope's shares of Common Stock.  Shares of Autoscope's Common Stock issuable pursuant to stock options and 
convertible securities that are exercisable or convertible as of or within 60 days after June 30, 2023 are deemed outstanding for 
computing the beneficial ownership percentage of the person or member of a group holding the options but are not deemed 
outstanding for computing the beneficial ownership percentage of any other person.  Except as indicated by footnote, the persons 
named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially 
owned by them.  The address of each director and executive officer named below is the same as that of Autoscope. 
  
Name 
Position 
Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
Andrew T. Berger (1) 
Executive Chair, Director 
591,779 
James W. Bracke 
Director 
105,301 
Ezekiel J. Kruglick 
Director 
197,363 
Joseph P. Daly 
Director 
216,433 
Brian J. VanDerBosch 
Director 
16,189 
Frank G. Hallowell (2) 
Interim CEO and CFO 
70,516 
All directors and officers as a group 
  
1,197,581 
 
(1) Andrew T. Berger has 125,137 shares under his direct ownership. By virtue of his relationships with AB Value Management LLC 
and AB Value Partners, LP, Mr. Berger may be deemed to beneficially own the 466,642 shares owned by AB Value Partners, LP. 
(2) Frank 
G. 
Hallowell 
has 
10,516 
shares 
under 
his 
direct 
ownership. 
In 
connection 
with 
his 
Employment 
Agreement, Autoscope granted Mr. Hallowell an immediately exercisable option with a term of 10 years to purchase 60,000 
shares of Autoscope common stock at an exercise price of $6.87 per share. Mr. Hallowell is deemed to beneficially own the 
60,000 common shares because the options are exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 
16 
 

===== PAGE 17 =====
 
Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers 
  
The following table presents information concerning the compensation paid for the year ended December 31, 2022 by the Company to 
its directors and executive officers. 
  
Name 
 Position 
Salaries 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
Option 
Grants(1)  
 Director Fees paid 
in Cash 
 Director 
Fees 
Paid in Stock(2) 
Andrew T. Berger 
Executive Chair, Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$20,000 
$30,000 
James W, Bracke 
Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$41,972 
$30,000 
Joseph P. Daly 
Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$41,264 
$30,000 
Geoffrey C. Davis(3) 
Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$29,983 
$22,500 
Ezekiel J. Kruglick 
Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$25,250 
$30,000 
Brian J. VanDerBosch 
Director 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
$31,672 
$30,000 
Frank G. Hallowell 
Interim CEO and CFO 
$300,000 
$0 
60,000 
N/A 
N/A 
  
(1) Consists of number of shares of Common Stock. 
(2) Represents the grant date fair value of stock awards during the year determined pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board 
Accounting Standard Codification Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation (ASC Topic 718).  Refer to “Note 9 - Stock-
Based Compensation” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for a discussion 
of the assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value. 
(3) Geoffrey C. Davis resigned from the Board of Directors on August 4, 2022. 
  
During 2022, the Executive Chair of the Board did not receive any additional compensation for services provided as Executive Chair 
of the Board of Directors. 
  
During 2022, each of Company's non-employee directors received an annual $50,000 retainer, of which $20,000 was paid in cash and 
$30,000 was paid in the form of a Common Stock award grant, with the per share value of the Common Stock based on the closing 
price of the common. stock on the trading day before the vesting date of the award.  
  
In April 2023, the Board approved a 2023 directors compensation plan effective January 1, 2023.  Each non-employee director will 
receive an annual $50,000 retainer, of which $20,000 will be paid in cash and $30,000 will be paid in the form of a Common Stock 
award grant, with the per share value of the Common Stock based on the closing price of the common. stock on the trading day before 
the vesting date of the award.  In addition, the Board approved the payment in 2023 of an annual fee to the Executive Chair of $20,000 
in cash. 
  
The Committee Chairs of the following standing Committees of the Board receive the following additional annual cash retainers: 
 
• Audit Committee - $10,000 
• Compensation Committee - $7,000 
• Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee - $5,000 
 
17 
 

===== PAGE 18 =====
 
Members of the Committees receive the following additional annual cash retainers: 
• Audit Committee - $6,000 
• Compensation Committee - $5,000 
• Nominating and Corporation Governance Committee - $4,000 
 
Members of any special Committees formed by the Board receive a $1,500 quarterly retainer for each special Committee on which 
they serve, with the Chair of each special Committee receiving an additional $4,000 quarterly retainer. The Company had no special 
Committees during the six months ended June 30, 2023. 
  
The Company reimburses directors’ travel, lodging and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attendance at 
Board, Committee and shareholder meetings. These amounts are not included in the table above. 
  
On February 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the “Employment Agreement”) with Mr. Hallowell as 
the Chief Financial Officer of Autoscope and the President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ISNS.  The 
Employment Agreement supersedes the employment agreement between ISNS and Mr. Hallowell dated as of April 29, 2019.  Under 
the Employment Agreement, Mr. Hallowell is an at-will employee of the Company, and his employment may be terminated by the 
Company or Mr. Hallowell at any time. 
  
The Employment Agreement provides for an annual salary of $300,000, a target bonus of up to 25% of Mr. Hallowell’s salary for the 
previous calendar year based on the attainment of performance goals set by the Company’s Board of Directors; insurance and other 
benefits in accordance with Company’s standard and executive benefits; and vacation in accordance with Company’s vacation policy.  
The Employment Agreement also provides for the following compensation and benefits upon termination of employment: 
 
• If the termination of employment is voluntary on the part of Mr. Hallowell and not for “Good Reason” as defined in the 
Employment Agreement, the Company must pay to Mr. Hallowell all earned and unpaid amounts due to him for salary through 
the termination date. Mr. Hallowell then will have 90 days after the termination of his employment (or such shorter period as is 
provided in the documents governing such options) to exercise any and all options to purchase the shares of Autoscope’s 
Common Stock that he owns and are exercisable at the termination date. Any other options and any unvested restricted stock or 
restricted stock units for the Autoscope’s Common Stock that he owns will terminate. 
• If the termination of employment is “With Cause” as defined in the Employment Agreement, Mr. Hallowell will not be entitled to 
any severance, and any and all options, restricted stock and restricted stock units for Autoscope’s Common Stock that he owns 
will terminate.  However, in that case, Mr. Hallowell would have 10 days after being provided by the Company with written 
notice of the breach to cure such alleged breach, failure or misconduct if the breach, failure or misconduct is curable. 
• If Mr. Hallowell terminates his employment for “Good Reason” as defined in the Employment Agreement or the Company 
terminates his employment for any reason other than With Cause or because of Mr. Hallowell’s inability to perform his duties 
because of death or disability, upon his entry into a release agreement substantially in the form attached as Appendix B to the 
Employment Agreement (the “Release”), Mr. Hallowell will be entitled to six months of salary continuation, without eligibility 
for bonus, and he will have 90 days after the termination of his employment (or such shorter period as is provided in the 
documents governing such options) to exercise all options to purchase the shares of the Company’s Common Stock that he owns 
and that are exercisable at the termination date. Any other options and any unvested restricted stock or restricted stock units for 
Company’s Common Stock owned by him will terminate. 
 
In connection with the Employment Agreement, Autoscope granted Mr. Hallowell an immediately exercisable option with a term of 
10 years to purchase 60,000 shares of Autoscope’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $6.87 per share (which is equal to the 
closing price of Autoscope’s Common Stock as quoted on Nasdaq on the trading day immediately before the date of the Employment 
Agreement).  The option was granted under the terms of the Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan that 
was assumed by Autoscope effective on July 21, 2021.  When he signed the Employment Agreement, Mr. Hallowell also entered into 
a Confidentiality, Noncompetition, and Invention Assignment Agreement with the Company dated as of February 1, 2022 in the form 
attached as Appendix A to the Employment Agreement (the “Noncompetition Agreement”). 
 
18 
 

===== PAGE 19 =====
 
 
B.       Legal/disciplinary history 
  
None of the current directors and executive officer of the Company have, in the last five years, been the subject of (1) a conviction in a 
criminal proceeding or named as a defendant in a pending criminal proceeding (excluding any traffic violations and other minor 
offenses); (2) the entry of an order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, by a court of competent 
jurisdiction that permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited such person’s involvement in any type 
of business, securities, commodities and banking activities; (3) a finding or judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil 
action), the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or a state securities regulator of a violation of federal or state 
securities or commodities law, which finding or judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated; or (4) the entry of an order by 
a self-regulatory organization that permanently or temporarily barred, suspended or otherwise limited such person’s involvement in 
any type of business or securities activities. 
C.       Disclosure of family relationships 
  
There are no family relationships among or between the Company’s directors, officers, or beneficial owners of more than five percent 
(5%) of any class of Autoscope’s equity securities. 
D.       Disclosure of related party transactions 
  
During and for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company 
had no material transactions with related persons.  For purposes of this disclosure: 
• a “related person” means any director, executive officer, nominee for director, or beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) 
of any class of Autoscope’s equity securities, immediate family members of any such person, and any person (other than a tenant 
or employee) sharing the household of any such person; 
• a “transaction” includes, but is not limited to, any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness 
or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships; and 
• “Material” is defined as greater than $15,000, which is the lesser of $120,000 or one percent (1%) of the average of the 
Company’s total assets at year-end for its last three fiscal years. 
 
Item 12         Financial information for the issuer’s most recent fiscal period. 
  
The Company has provided the following unaudited consolidated financial statements for the quarters and six months ended June 30, 
2023 and June 30, 2022, which are attached hereto and hereby incorporated by reference: 
  
1.     Consolidated Balance Sheets 
2.     Consolidated Statements of Income 
3.     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
4.     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
5.     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
Item 13            Similar financial information for such part of the two preceding fiscal years as the issuer or its predecessor has 
been in existence. 
 
The Company provided the following audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 
31, 2021 as part of its 2022 Annual Report filed with the OTCIQ on May 11, 2023 which are hereby incorporated by reference: 
  
1.             Independent Auditors’ Report 
2.             Consolidated Balance Sheets 
3.             Consolidated Statements of Operations 
4.             Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
5.             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6.             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
19 
 

===== PAGE 20 =====
 
 
Item 14         The name, address, telephone number, and email address of each of the following outside providers that advise 
the issuer on matters relating to operations, business, development and disclosures. 
Securities Counsel  
  
Michele D. Vaillancourt 
Winthrop & Weinstine, P. A. 
Capella Tower STE 3500, 225 South Sixth Street  
Minneapolis, MN 55402-4629  
United States 
  
Website: www.winthrop.com  
Phone: (612) 604-6681 
Email: mvaillancourt@winthrop.com 
Auditor  
  
Preparation of the Company’s financial statements is the responsibility of the Company’s management. The Company’s 
independent audit firm, The Boulay Group, is responsible for expressing an opinion on the Company’s financial statements 
based on its audit as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
  
Auditor contact information: 
  
Nathan Miller 
Boulay PLLP 
11095 Viking Dr. #500  
Eden Prairie, MN 
United States 
  
Website: www.boulaygroup.com            
Phone: +1 (952) 841-8296 
Email:  nmiller@boulaygroup.com 
Investor Relations Consultant  
 
John G Grau 
ICOM Advisors LLC d/b/a InvestorCom 
19 Old Kings Highway S, STE 210  
Darien, CT 06820 United States 
  
Website: www.investor-com.com  
Phone: +1 (203) 972-9300 
Email: jgrau@investor-com 
Item 15      Management’s discussion and analysis or plan of operation 
  
A.      Plan of Operation 
  
This Item is not applicable, as the Company has had revenues in each of the last two fiscal years. 
 
20 
 

===== PAGE 21 =====
 
B.         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 
General  
 
We are a leading provider of above-ground detection products and solutions for the intelligent transportation systems ("ITS") industry. 
Our family of products, which we market as Autoscope video or video products and RTMS radar or radar products ("RTMS"), 
provides end users with the tools needed to optimize traffic flow and enhance driver safety. Our technology analyzes signals from 
sophisticated sensors and transmits the information to management systems and controllers or directly to users. Our products provide 
users with complete solutions for the intersection and transportation markets. 
 
We believe our solutions are technically superior to those of our competitors because they have a higher level of accuracy, limit the 
occurrence of false detection, are generally easier to install with lower costs of ownership, work effectively in a multitude of light and 
weather conditions, and provide end users the ability to manage inputs from a variety of sensors for a number of tasks. It is our view 
that the technical advantages of our products make our solutions well suited for use in ITS markets. 
 
We believe the strength of our distribution channels positions us to increase the penetration of our technology-driven solutions in the 
marketplace. We market our Autoscope video products in the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean through an exclusive 
agreement with Econolite which we believe is the leading distributor of ITS intersection control products in these markets. 
 
We market the RTMS radar systems to a network of distributors in North America, the Caribbean and Latin America. On a limited 
basis, we sell directly to the end user in these geographic areas. We market our Autoscope video and RTMS radar products outside of 
the United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean through a combination of distribution and direct sales channels through our 
office in Spain. Our end users primarily include governmental agencies and municipalities.  
 
The following discussion of period-to-period changes and trends in financial statement results under "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" aligns with the financial statement presentation discussed above.  
 
Key Financial Terms and Metrics 
 
Revenue. We derive revenue from two sources: (1) royalties received from Econolite for sales of the Autoscope video systems in the 
United States, Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean and (2) revenue received from the direct product sales of our RTMS radar systems 
and our Autoscope video systems in Europe and Asia.  Autoscope video royalties are calculated using a profit-sharing model where 
the gross profits on sales of product made through Econolite are shared equally with Econolite.  This royalty arrangement has the 
benefit of decreasing our cost of revenues and our selling, marketing and product support expenses because these costs and expenses 
are borne primarily by Econolite. Although this royalty model has a positive impact on our gross margin, it also negatively impacts 
our total revenue, which would be higher if all the sales made by Econolite were made directly by us. The royalty arrangement is 
exclusive under a long-term agreement. 
 
Cost of Revenue. Software amortization is the sole cost of revenue related to royalties, as virtually all manufacturing, warranty and 
related costs are incurred by Econolite. Cost of revenue related to product sales consists primarily of the amount charged by our third-
party contractors to manufacture hardware platforms, which is influenced mainly by the cost of electronic components. The cost of 
revenue also includes logistics costs, estimated expenses for product warranties, restructuring costs and inventory reserves. The key 
metric that we follow is achieving certain gross margin percentages on product sales by geographic region and to a lesser extent by 
product line. 
 
21 
 

===== PAGE 22 =====
 
 
Operating Expenses. Our operating expenses fall into three categories: (1) selling, marketing and product support; (2) general and 
administrative; and (3) research and development. Selling, marketing and product support expenses consist of various costs related to 
sales and support of our products, including salaries, benefits and commissions paid to our personnel; commissions paid to third 
parties; travel, trade show and advertising costs; second-tier technical support for Econolite; and general product support, where 
applicable. General and administrative expenses consist of certain corporate and administrative functions that support the development 
and sales of our products and provide an infrastructure to support future growth. These expenses include management, supervisory and 
staff salaries and benefits, legal and auditing fees, travel, rent and costs associated with being a public company, such as board of 
director fees, listing fees and annual reporting expenses. Research and development expenses consist mainly of salaries and benefits 
for our engineers and third-party costs for consulting and prototyping. We measure all operating expenses against our annually 
approved budget, which is developed with achieving a certain operating margin as a key focus. Also included in operating expenses 
are any restructuring costs. 
 
Non-GAAP Operating Measure.  We provide certain non-GAAP financial information as supplemental information to financial 
measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States). 
This non-GAAP information excludes the impact of depreciating fixed assets and amortizing intangible assets and may exclude other 
non-recurring items.  Management believes that this presentation facilitates the comparison of our current operating results to 
historical operating results. Management uses this non-GAAP information to evaluate short-term and long-term operating trends in 
our core operations. Non-GAAP information is not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for 
or an alternative to GAAP financial measures and may not be computed the same as similarly titled measures used by other 
companies.   
 
Critical Accounting Policies  
 
Our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally 
accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), which require us to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect 
amounts reported. In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts, 
giving due consideration to materiality. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, the following are particularly important 
to the portrayal of our results of operations and financial position, may require the application of a higher level of judgment by our 
management, and as a result, are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. 
 
Revenue Recognition and Allowance for Credit Losses. We are required to comply with a variety of technical accounting requirements 
in order to achieve consistent and accurate revenue recognition. Royalty income is recognized based on sales shipped or delivered to 
our customers as reported to us by Econolite. Revenue is recognized when both product ownership and the risk of loss have 
transferred to the customer and we have no remaining obligations. Allowances for credit losses are estimated by management based on 
an evaluation of potential losses related to customer receivable balances. We determine the allowance based on historical loss rate 
experience in the industry, regional economic data, and an evaluation of specific customer accounts for risk of loss. We review our 
allowance for credit losses monthly. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we believe it is probable the 
receivable will not be recovered. We do not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to our customers. The establishment of 
this allowance requires the use of judgment and assumptions regarding the potential for losses on receivable balances. Although 
management considers these balances adequate and proper, changes in economic conditions in specific markets in which we operate 
could have an effect on reserve balances required.  
 
22 
 

===== PAGE 23 =====
 
Warranty Liabilities.  The estimated cost to service warranty and customer service claims is included in cost of sales. This estimate is 
based on historical trends of warranty claims. We regularly assess and adjust the estimate of accrued warranty claims by updating 
claims rates for actual trends and projected claim costs. Our warranty liability contains uncertainties because our warranty obligations 
cover an extended period of time. While these liability levels are based on historical warranty experience, they may not reflect the 
actual claims that will occur over the upcoming warranty period, and additional warranty reserves may be required. A revision of 
estimated claim rates or the projected cost of materials and freight associated with sending replacement parts to customers could have 
a material adverse effect on future results of operations.  
 
Software Development Costs.  We incur costs associated with the development of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed.  
Software development costs are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established, at which time future costs 
incurred are capitalized until the product is available for general release to the public. A significant amount of judgment and 
estimation is required to assess when technological feasibility is established as well as in the ongoing assessment of the recoverability 
of capitalized costs. In evaluating the recoverability of capitalized software costs, we compare expected product performance, utilizing 
forecasted revenue amounts, to the total costs incurred to date and estimates of additional costs to be incurred. If revised forecasted 
product revenue is less than, and/or revised forecasted costs are greater than, the previously forecasted amounts, the net realizable 
value may be lower than previously estimated, which could result in recognition of an impairment charge in the period in which such a 
determination is made.  
 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets.  We review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups, such as property and equipment 
and intangibles subject to amortization, when events or changes in circumstances such as asset utilization, physical change, legal 
factors, or other matters indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. When this review indicates the carrying value of an 
asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the 
asset or asset group, we recognize an asset impairment charge against operations. The amount of the impairment charge recorded is 
the amount by which the carrying value of the impaired asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. Our impairment loss calculations 
contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to identify events or changes in 
circumstances indicating the carrying value of assets may not be recoverable, estimate future cash flows, estimate asset fair values, 
and select a discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. Expected cash flows may not be realized, which could 
cause long-lived assets to become impaired in future periods and could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations.  
 
The table below reconciles non-GAAP income from operations, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, to comparable GAAP 
financial measures (in thousands): 
 
 
Three-Month Periods Ended 
June 30,  
Six-Month Periods Ended June 
30, 
  
2023 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
  
Income from operations  
$ 
1,358 
$ 
145
$ 
2,371
$ 
168
Adjustments to reconcile to non-GAAP income  
 
Amortization of intangible assets  
198 
204
395
404
Depreciation  
44 
46
70
95
Non-GAAP income from operations  
$ 
1,600 
$ 
395
$ 
2,836
$ 
667
  
Seasonality. Our quarterly revenues and operating results have varied significantly in the past due to the seasonality of our business. 
Our first quarter generally is the weakest due to weather conditions that make roadway construction more difficult in parts of North 
America, Europe and northern Asia. We expect such seasonality to continue for the foreseeable future. Additionally, our international 
revenues regularly contain individually significant sales. This can result in significant variations of revenue between periods. 
Accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results should not be relied upon as an indication of our 
future performance. No assurance can be given that we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis 
in the future. 
 
23 
 

===== PAGE 24 =====
 
 
Segments. We currently operate in two reportable segments: Intersection and Highway. Autoscope video is our machine-vision 
product line, and revenue consists of royalties (all of which are received from Econolite), as well as a portion of international product 
sales. Video products are normally sold in the Intersection segment. The RTMS radar is our radar product line, and revenue consists of 
sales to external customers. Radar products are normally sold in the Highway segment. As a result of business model changes and 
modifications in how we manage our business, we may reevaluate our segment definitions in the future.  
 
The following tables set forth selected financial information for each of our reportable segments (in thousands):  
  
Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
Intersection 
 
Highway 
 
Total 
 
2023 
  
2022 
  
2023 
  
2022 
  
2023 
  
2022 
 
Revenue 
$ 
3,656
$ 
1,456 
$ 
360
$ 
1,363
$ 
4,016 
 $ 
2,819 
Gross profit 
3,446
1,305 
84
690
3,530 
 
1,995 
Amortization of intangible assets 
132
105 
66
99
198 
 
204 
Intangible assets 
1,258
1,782 
948
1,214
2,206 
 
2,996 
 
Six Months Ended June 30, 
 
Intersection 
 
Highway 
 
Total 
 
2023 
  
2022 
  
2023 
  
2022 
  
2023 
  
2022 
 
Revenue 
$ 
6,737
$ 
3,438 
$ 
1,089
$ 
2,133
$ 
7,826 
 $ 
5,571 
Gross profit 
6,326
3,074 
278
1,057
6,604 
 
4,131 
Amortization of intangible assets 
263
210 
132
194
395 
 
404 
Intangible assets 
1,258
1,782 
948
1,214
2,206 
 
2,996 
   
Results of Operations   
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain consolidated statements of operations data as a percent of total revenue 
and gross profit on product sales and royalties as a percentage of  sales and royalties, respectively: 
 
 
Three-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
2023 
2022 
Product sales 
9.0% 
50.8% 
Royalties 
91.0
49.2
Total revenue 
100.0
100.0
Gross profit - product sales 
(4.7)
49.8
Gross profit - royalties 
97.0
92.4
Selling, general and administrative 
37.2
47.0
Research and development 
16.9
18.7
Income from operations 
33.8
5.1
Other income, net 
0.4
0.4
Income tax expense 
7.1
1.2
Net income 
28.3
2.6
 
24 
 

===== PAGE 25 =====
 
 
 
Six-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
2023 
2022 
Product sales  
14.8% 
42.5% 
Royalties 
85.2
57.5
Total revenue 
100.0
100.0
Gross profit - product sales 
13.6
48.0
Gross profit - royalties 
96.7
93.4
Selling, general and administrative 
37.3
54.0
Research and development 
16.8
17.1
Income from operations  
30.3
3.0
Other income, net 
0.2
0.4
Income tax expense 
6.5
0.6
Net income 
25.2
1.7
 
The 2023 second quarter revenue for the Company, which includes the results of ISNS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, 
was $4.0 million compared to $2.8 million in the second quarter of 2022. Revenue from royalties was $3.7 million in the second 
quarter of 2023 compared to $1.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, a 163.5 percent increase. The increase in royalties resulted 
primarily from the increased availability of components to fulfill the sales order backlog during the quarter. Product sales were $0.4 
million in the 2023 second quarter compared to $1.4 million in the second quarter of 2022, a 74.8 percent decrease.  The decrease in 
product sales was primarily due to the rescheduling of orders to the third quarter of 2023 to meet customer installation requirements 
and to the expected decline of the Company’s legacy video detection product sold in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) 
markets due to the introduction in 2023 of IntelliSight to the European market. 
  
Gross margin for the second quarter of 2023 was 87.9 percent, an increase from a gross margin of 70.8 percent for the same period in 
2022.  Royalty gross margin for the second quarter of 2023 was 97.0 percent, a 3.6 percentage point increase from a gross margin of 
92.4 percent for the same period in 2022.  The increase in the royalty gross margin percent for the second quarter of 2023 resulted 
primarily from higher sales of video detection products yielding higher royalty revenues. Product sales gross margin percent for the 
second quarter of 2023 was (4.7) percent compared to 49.8 percent in the prior year period. The decrease in the product sales gross 
margin percent was the result of lower margins sales on legacy video and radar detection products sold in the EMEA markets, in 
addition to inventory obsolescence on end-of-life product. 
  
The Company reported net income for the second quarter 2023 of $1.1 million or $0.21 per diluted share compared to net income of 
$74,000 or $0.01 per diluted share in the prior year period. This increase is the result of higher gross profits, offset slightly by higher 
operating expenses due to lower software capitalization during the second quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. 
 
Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2023 was $7.8 million compared to $5.6 million in the first six month of 2022. Revenue 
from royalties was $6.7 million in the first six months of 2023 compared to $3.2 million in the first six months of 2022, a 108 
percent increase. The increase in royalties resulted primarily from the increased availability of components to fulfill the sales order 
backlog during the quarter. Product sales were $1.2 million in the first six months of 2023 compared to $2.4 million in the first six 
months of 2022, a 50 percent decrease.  The decrease in product sales was primarily due to the rescheduling of orders to the third 
quarter of 2023 to meet customer installation requirements and to the expected decline of the Company’s legacy video detection 
product sold in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) markets. 
  
Gross margin for the first six months of 2023 was 84 percent, a 10-percentage point increase from a gross margin of 74 percent for the 
same period in 2022.  Royalty gross margin for the first six months of 2023 was 96.7, a 3.3-percentage point increase from a gross 
margin of 93.4 percent for the same period in 2022.  The increase in the royalty gross margin percent for the first six months of 2023 
resulted primarily from higher sales of video detection products yielding higher royalty revenues.  Product sales gross margin percent 
for the first six months of 2023 was 13.6 percent compared to 48.0 percent in the prior year period. The decrease in the product sales 
gross margin percent was the result of lower margins on legacy video and radar detection products sold in the EMEA markets, in 
addition to inventory obsolescence on end-of-life product. 
  
25 
 

===== PAGE 26 =====
 
 
The Company reported net income for the first six months of 2023 of $2.0 million or $0.36 per diluted share compared to net income 
of $92,000 or $0.02 per diluted share in the prior year period. This increase is the result of higher revenues, offset slightly by lower 
gross margins and higher operating expenses due to lower software capitalization during the first six months of 2023 compared to the 
same period in 2022. 
  
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
We believe that cash and cash equivalents on hand, coupled with readily available investments in debt and equity securities on June 30, 
2023 totaling $6.0 million, along with the cash provided by operating activities, will satisfy our projected working capital needs, investing 
activities, and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. 
  
As of June 30, 2023, we had $2.9 million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $1.2 million on December 31, 2022. Net cash 
provided by operating activities increased to $2.6 million in the first six months of 2023 compared to net cash provided by operating 
activities of $79,000 in the same period in 2022.  Net cash provided by operating activities increased in the first six months 2023 
compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to higher net income and lower prepaid expenses in 2023 compared to 2022. 
  
Net cash provided by investing activities was $0.6 million in 2023 compared to net cash used for investing activities of $4.9 million in 
2022. The decrease in net cash used for investing activities in the first six months of 2023 compared to the same period in the prior year is 
primarily the result of lower purchases of equity and debt securities and lower capitalization of software costs. To generate a greater 
return on our cash position, the Company purchased various debt and equity securities of $2.8 million during the first quarter of 2022. 
There were no debt or equity securities purchases in the first six months of 2023. There were no capitalized software costs in the first six 
months of 2023 compared to $534,000 of capitalized software costs in the same period of 2022. 
  
Net cash used for financing activities was $1.4 million in the first six months of 2023 compared to net cash used for financing activities of 
$1.3 million in the first six months of 2022. The increase in net cash used for financing activities in 2023 is primarily due to increased 
cash dividends paid.  The Company paid dividends of $0.26 per share in the first six months of 2023 compared to total dividends of $0.24 
per share paid in the first six months of 2022.  
   
C.         Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
The Company does not have any obligations that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet arrangement that have had, or are 
reasonably likely to have, a material effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 
 
Part E        Issuance History 
 
Item 16       List of securities offerings and shares issued for services in the past two years.  
 
The following table sets forth information regarding the shares of Common Stock the Company issued during the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the period since December 31, 2022 through June 30, 2023: 
 
Date 
Nature of 
Offering 
 Shares Issued To 
Total Number 
of 
Shares Issued 
Trading 
Status of 
Shares 
  
Restricted 
Shares 
March 16, 2022 
Shares subject to 
stock award 
Directors 
6,996 
Restricted 
Yes 
June 15, 2022 
Shares subject to 
stock award 
Directors 
8,304 
Restricted 
Yes 
September 15, 2022 
Shares subject to 
stock award 
Directors 
8,820 
Restricted 
Yes 
December 15, 2022 
Shares subject to 
stock award 
Directors 
7,485 
Restricted 
Yes 
June 30, 2022 
Shares subject to 
stock award 
Directors 
16,890 
Restricted 
Yes 
 
26 
 

===== PAGE 27 =====
 
 
The following table sets forth information regarding Common Stock options issued during fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 
2021 and the period since December 31, 2022 through June 30, 2023: 
 
Date 
Nature of 
Offering 
Shares Issued To 
Number of 
Shares 
Subject to 
Stock Options
Issued 
Exercise 
Price 
Purpose 
February 3, 2022 
Stock options 
Two non-executive employees 
60,000 
$6.67 
Employee option 
award 
February 3, 2022 
Stock option 
Frank G. Hallowell 
60,000 
$6.67 
Option award 
 
Other than the shares issued on June 30, 2023, all of the issuances described in the foregoing two tables were registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) pursuant to Registration Statements on Form S-8 filed by the Company with 
the SEC and registered with or exempt from registration under applicable state securities laws. The shares issued on June 30, 2023 
were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and 
exemptions from registration under applicable securities laws. The shares were issued as compensation to the directors and executive 
officers, who paid no consideration to the Company for the shares.  The sale by the holders of the shares of Common Stock described 
in the table other than the two non-executive employees is restricted under the applicable provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities 
Act. The sale of the shares of Common Stock by the two non-executive employees was registered under the Registration Statements 
on Form S-8 filed by the Company with the SEC and is not restricted.  
 
Part F       Exhibits 
Item 17      Material Contracts.  
 
The following are the material contracts of the Company, not made in the ordinary course of business, that will be performed after this 
Quarterly Report is posted through www.OTCIQ.com or that was entered into not more than two years before such posting. 
 
• 
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 20, 2021 by and among Image Sensing Systems, Inc., Autoscope 
Technologies Corporation, and Spruce Tree Merger Co. Inc. 
• 
Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated July 21, 2021 among Autoscope Technologies Corporation, Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent (the "Rights Agent"), and, only with respect to Section 37 thereof, Image 
Sensing Systems, Inc. 
• 
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of March 1, 2022 by and between Autoscope 
Technologies Corporation and the Rights Agent. 
•  Modification to Manufacturing, Distributing and Technology License Agreement dated September 1, 2000 by and between 
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Econolite Control Products, Inc. Econolite. 
• 
Manufacturing, Distributing and Technology License Agreement dated June 11, 1991 by and between Image Sensing 
Systems, Inc. and Econolite. 
•   Extension and Second Modification to License Agreement dated July 13, 2001 by and between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 
and Econolite. 
          
27 
 

===== PAGE 28 =====
 
 
•   Production Agreement dated February 14, 2002 by and among Image Sensing Systems, Inc., Wireless Technology, Inc. and 
Econolite. 
• 
Extension and Third Modification to Manufacturing Distributing and Technology License Agreement dated July 3, 2008 by 
and between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Econolite. 
• 
Fourth Modification to Manufacturing, Distributing and Technology License Agreement dated as of December 15, 2011 by 
and between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Econolite. 
• 
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
• 
Autoscope Technologies Corporation 2022 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
• 
Purchase Agreement dated August 27, 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and T&Z Family Limited Partnership. 
• 
First Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of October 26, 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and T&Z 
Family Limited Partnership. 
• 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of July 21, 2021 by and between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and 
Autoscope Technologies Corporation. 
• 
Employment Agreement dated February 1, 2022 among Autoscope Technologies Corporation, Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 
and Francis (Frank) G. Hallowell. 
• 
Form of Stock Option Agreement for Autoscope Technologies Corporation. 
• 
Business Loan Agreement dated as of December 10, 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Coulee Bank. 
• 
Promissory Note dated as of December 10. 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Coulee Bank. 
• 
Mortgage dated as of December 10, 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Coulee Bank. 
• 
Assignment of Rents dated as of December 10, 2021 between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Coulee Bank. 
• 
Extension of Modification to Manufacturing, Distributing and Technology License Agreement dated May 31, 2002 by and 
between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Econolite. 
• 
Letter agreement dated June 19, 1997 by and between Image Sensing Systems, Inc. and Econolite. 
• 
License and Distribution Agreement dated January 2, 2011 by and among Image Sensing Systems, Inc., Econolite and 
Econolite Canada Inc. 
       
Item 18       Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.  
 
A complete copy of Autoscope’s Restated Articles of Incorporation, including the Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior 
Participating Preferred Stock of Autoscope Technologies Corporation, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed by the Company with the SEC. 
  
A complete copy of Autoscope’s Bylaws of Autoscope is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K 
dated July 21, 2021 filed by the Company with the SEC. 
 
28 
 

===== PAGE 29 =====
 
 
Item 19       Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.  
 
None. 
Item 20       Issuer’s Certifications.  
 
I, Andrew T. Berger, certify that: 
  
1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Autoscope Technologies Corporation; 
  
2.    Based on my knowledge, this disclosure statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this disclosure statement; and 
  
3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this 
disclosure statement, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this disclosure statement. 
  
Date: August 10, 2023 
  
/s/ Andrew T. Berger              
Executive Chair 
 
I, Francis G. Hallowell, certify that: 
  
1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Autoscope Technologies Corporation; 
  
2.    Based on my knowledge, this disclosure statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this disclosure statement; and 
  
3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this 
disclosure statement, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this disclosure statement. 
  
Date: August 10, 2023 
  
/s/ Francis G. Hallowell                      
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  
 
29 
 

===== PAGE 30 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(in thousands, except share data) 
June 30, 2023    December 31,  
(Unaudited)    
2022  
ASSETS  
Current assets:  
Cash and cash equivalents  
$ 
2,860  $ 
1,177   
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $9 and $18, respectively  
4,124  
3,688   
Inventories  
2,523  
2,287   
Investments in available-for-sale debt securities 
2,931
2,893 
Investments in equity securities 
246
245 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  
411 
545   
Total current assets  
13,095  
10,835   
 
 
 
Property and equipment:  
 
 
Furniture and fixtures  
    142  
136   
Leasehold improvements  
  6
6   
Equipment  
1,015  
1,010  
Real property 
2,059
2,059 
 
   3,222  
3,211  
Accumulated depreciation  
   1,151  
1,079  
 
2,071  
2,132   
  
Operating lease assets, net 
24
3 
Intangible assets, net   
2,206  
2,601   
Deferred income taxes  
3,962 
4,475   
Long-term investments in available-for-sale debt securities 
431
1,054 
TOTAL ASSETS  
$ 
21,789 
$ 
21,100  
   
 
    
   
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  
 
Current liabilities:  
 
Accounts payable  
$ 
      438  $ 
423   
Deferred revenue 
125
99 
Warranty  
   87 
108   
Accrued compensation  
     59  
 72   
Operating lease obligations 
23
3 
Current maturities of long-term debt 
59
58 
Other current liabilities  
  
181 
104   
Total current liabilities  
972 
 867  
 
 
Commitments and contingencies 
 
Long-term debt 
1,586
1,616 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  
2,558
 2,483   
 
 
  
Shareholders' equity:  
 
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or outstanding  
—
— 
Common stock, $0.01 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized, 5,432,082 and 5,415,192 
 
   
 issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
55 
   54   
Additional paid-in capital  
 25,667 
25,566 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss   
(527)
(478) 
Accumulated deficit  
(5,964)
(6,525) 
Total shareholders' equity  
19,231 
18,617   
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  
$ 
21,789
$ 
21,100  
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
30 
 

===== PAGE 31 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(Unaudited) 
(in thousands, except per share data) 
 
  
Three-Month Periods 
Ended June 30, 
 
Six-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
 
  
2023 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Revenue:  
Product sales 
$ 
361 
$ 
1,432
$ 
1,159
$ 
2,366
Royalties 
3,655 
1,387
6,667
3,205
  
4,016 
2,819
7,826
5,571
Cost of revenue: 
 
Product sales 
378 
719
1,001
1,230
  Royalties 
108 
105
221
210
  
486 
824
1,222
1,440
Gross profit 
3,530 
1,995
6,604
4,131
  
 
Operating expenses: 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
1,493 
1,324
2,921
3,009
 Research and development 
679 
526
1,312
954
  
2,172 
1,850
4,233
3,963
Income from operations 
1,358 
145
2,371
168
Other income 
9 
10
16
21
Investment income (loss) 
75 
(30) 
128
(25) 
Interest expense 
(17) 
(18) 
(34)
(36) 
Income from operations before income taxes 
1,425 
107
2,481
128
Income tax expense 
287 
33
512
36
Net income 
$ 
1,138 
$ 
74
$ 
1,969
$ 
92
Net income per share: 
 
Basic 
$ 
0.21 
$ 
0.01
$ 
0.36
$ 
0.02
Diluted 
$ 
0.21 
$ 
0.01
$ 
0.36
$ 
0.02
  
 
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 
 
Basic 
5,412 
5,381
5,411
5,371
Diluted 
5,412 
5,387
5,411
5,373
 
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 
31 
 

===== PAGE 32 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
(Unaudited) 
(in thousands) 
   
Three-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
Six-Month Periods Ended June 
30, 
2023 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Net income 
$ 
1,138 
$ 
74
$ 
1,969
$ 
92
Other comprehensive income: 
 
Unrealized gain on available for sale debt securities, net 
of tax 
1 
—
25
—
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
1 
(131) 
(74)
(193) 
Comprehensive income (loss) 
$ 
1,140 
$ 
(57) $ 
1,920
$ 
(101) 
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.    
 
32 
 

===== PAGE 33 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(Unaudited)  
(in thousands) 
     
Six-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
   
2023  
  
2022  
Operating activities:  
    
      
  
Net income  
$ 
1,969  $ 
92
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:  
 
 
 
 
Depreciation  
  
70    
95  
Software amortization  
  
395    
404  
        Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
1
 
1
Stock-based compensation  
  
102    
268  
Deferred income tax expense 
 
506
 
30
Loss on disposal of assets 
 
—
 
5
Realized loss on equity investments 
 
—
 
53
Investments amortization 
 
(18) 
 
—
Unrealized (gain) loss on equity investments 
 
(1)
 
3
Noncash investment income 
 
—
 
6
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  
  
     
   
Accounts receivable, net  
  
(436)   
(393) 
Inventories  
 
(236)   
(46) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  
  
134
  
(557) 
Accounts payable  
  
15
  
244
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities  
  
68
  
(126) 
Net cash provided by operating activities  
  
2,569
  
79
 
 
 
 
 
Investing activities:  
  
     
   
Capitalized software development costs  
  
—
  
(534)  
Purchases of property and equipment  
  
—
  
(41)  
Purchases of equity securities 
 
—
 
(795) 
Sale of debt securities 
 
2,604
 
10
 Purchase of debt securities 
 
(1,968) 
 
(3,521) 
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities   
  
636   
(4,881) 
   
  
     
   
Financing activities:  
  
      
   
Stock for tax withholding    
  
—   
(15) 
 Dividends paid 
 
(1,408) 
 
(1,291) 
 Proceeds from exercised options 
 
—
 
32
 Principal payments on long-term debt 
 
(30) 
 
(29) 
Net cash used by financing activities  
  
(1,438)    
(1,303) 
   
  
      
   
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash  
  
(84)   
(191) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents  
  
1,683
  
(6,296) 
   
  
     
   
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  
  
1,177     
8,229  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  
$ 
2,860  $ 
1,933
   
  
      
   
Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 
  
      
   
Sale of equity securities included in due from broker 
$ 
—
$ 
481
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
33 
 

===== PAGE 34 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
(in thousands, except share data) 
 
 
Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2022 
 
Shares 
Issued 
 
Common 
Stock 
 
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital 
 
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss 
 
Accumulated 
Deficit 
 
Total 
  
Balance, March 31, 2022 (unaudited) 
5,391,488
$ 
54 $ 
25,396
$ 
(350) $ 
(5,767) $
19,333 
 
 
 
Stock-based compensation   
8,304
— 
62
—
—
62 
Stock for tax withholding 
(905) 
— 
(6) 
—
—
(6 ) 
Dividends declared 
—
— 
—
—
(645) 
(645 ) 
Transfers of investments from held-to-maturity 
to available-for-sale classification 
—
— 
—
(62) 
—
(62 ) 
Comprehensive income: 
 
 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
—
— 
—
(131) 
—
(131 ) 
Net income 
—
— 
—
—
74
74 
Balance, June 30, 2022 (unaudited)  
5,398,887
$ 
54 $ 
25,452
$ 
(543) $ 
(6,338) $
18,625 
 
 
 
 
Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2023 
  
Shares 
Issued 
 
Common 
Stock 
 
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital 
 
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss 
 
Accumulated 
Deficit 
 
Total 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance, March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
5,415,192
$ 
54 $ 
25,579
$ 
(529) $ 
(5,694) $
19,410 
 
 
 
Stock-based compensation  
16,890
1 
88
—
—
89 
Stock options exercised 
—
— 
—
—
—
— 
Stock for tax withholding 
—
— 
—
—
—
— 
Dividends declared 
—
— 
—
—
(1,408)
(1,408) 
Transfers of investments from held-to-maturity 
to available-for-sale classification 
—
— 
—
—
—
— 
Comprehensive income: 
 
 
Unrealized gain on available for sale debt 
securities, net of tax 
—
— 
—
1
—
1 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
—
— 
—
1
—
1 
Net income  
—
— 
—
—
1,138
1,138 
Balance, June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
5,432,082
$ 
55 $ 
25,667
$ 
(527) $ 
(5,964) $
19,231 
 
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
34 
 

===== PAGE 35 =====
 
 
 
Six-Month Period Ended June 30, 2022 
 
Shares 
Issued 
 
Common 
Stock 
 
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital 
 
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss 
 
Accumulated 
Deficit 
 
Total 
  
Balance, December 31, 2021 
5,378,857
$
54 $
25,167
$ 
(288) $ 
(5,139) $
19,794
 
 
Stock-based compensation   
15,300
— 
268
—
—
268
Stock options exercised 
7,000
— 
32
—
—
32
Stock for tax withholding 
(2,270) 
— 
(15) 
—
—
(15) 
Dividends declared 
—
— 
—
—
(1,291) 
(1,291) 
Transfers of investments from held-to-maturity 
to available-for-sale classification 
—
— 
—
(62) 
—
(62) 
Comprehensive income: 
 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
—
— 
—
(193) 
—
(193) 
Net income 
—
— 
—
—
92
92
Balance, June 30, 2022 (unaudited)  
5,398,887
$
54 $
25,452
$ 
(543) $ 
(6,338) $
18,625
 
 
 
 
Six-Month Period Ended June 30, 2023 
  
Shares 
Issued 
 
Common 
Stock 
 
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital 
 
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss 
 
Accumulated 
Deficit 
 
Total 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Balance, December 31, 2022 
5,415,192
$
54 $
25,566
$ 
(478) $ 
(6,525) $
18,617
 
 
Stock-based compensation  
16,890
1 
101
—
—
102
Stock options exercised 
—
— 
—
—
—
—
Stock for tax withholding 
—
— 
—
—
—
—
Dividends declared 
—
— 
—
—
(1,408)
(1,408)
Transfers of investments from held-to-maturity 
to available-for-sale classification 
—
— 
—
—
—
—
Comprehensive income: 
 
Unrealized gain on available for sale debt 
securities, net of tax 
—
— 
—
25
—
25
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
—
— 
—
(74)
—
(74)
Net income  
—
— 
—
—
1,969
1,969
Balance, June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
5,432,082
$
55 $
25,667
$ 
(527) $ 
(5,964) $
19,231
 
See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.     
 
35 
 

===== PAGE 36 =====
 
AUTOSCOPE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
(Unaudited)  
June 30, 2023 
  
1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
  
On July 21, 2021, a holding company reorganization was completed (the “Reorganization”) in which Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 
("ISNS") became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the new parent company named “Autoscope Technologies Corporation” 
("Autoscope"), which became the successor issuer to ISNS. As a result of the Reorganization, Autoscope replaced ISNS as the public 
company trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq") under the ticker symbol “AATC,” and outstanding shares of ISNS’s 
common stock automatically converted into shares of common stock of Autoscope. As used in these Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the "Company", "we", "us" and "our" or its management or business at any time before the effective date of the 
Reorganization refer to those of ISNS as the predecessor company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and thereafter to Autoscope and 
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, except as otherwise specified or to the extent the context otherwise indicates. 
 
On December 21, 2022, the Company notified Nasdaq of its intention to file a "Form 25 - Notification of Removal from Listing and/or 
Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934" with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
on or about December 30, 2022. The purpose of the Form 25 filing was to effect the delisting from Nasdaq of the Company's 
outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), and the deregistration of the Common Stock under 
Section 12(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
 
Upon the effectiveness of the Form 25 filing, the Company filed a Form 15 on January 17, 2023 with the SEC to suspend the 
Company's duty to file reports under Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to deregister its Common Stock under Section 
12(b) of the Exchange Act. The deregistration under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act was effective on April 17, 2023, 90 days after 
filing the Form 15, at which time the Company's other filing requirements under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act terminated. 
 
On February 10, 2023, the Company was admitted and was qualified to trade on the OTCQC Best Market, under the symbol "AATC". 
 
The Company develops and markets video and radar processing products for use in applications such as intersection control, highway, 
bridge and tunnel traffic management and traffic data collection. We sell our products primarily to distributors and also receive 
royalties under a license agreement with a manufacturer/distributor for certain of our products. Our products are used primarily by 
governmental entities. 
 
CONSOLIDATION 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Autoscope and its wholly-owned subsidiary ISNS and ISNS's 
following wholly-owned subsidiaries: Image Sensing Systems HK Limited (ISS HK) in Hong Kong; Image Sensing Systems 
(Shenzhen) Limited (ISS WOFE) in China; Image Sensing Systems Spain SLU (ISS Spain) in Spain; ISS Image Sensing Systems 
Canada Limited (ISS Canada) in Canada; and Autoscope Technologies India Private Limited (Autoscope India) in India. All 
significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
 
Cash Dividend  
 
On May 19, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a cash dividend of $0.26 per share to shareholders of record on 
the close of business on May 30, 2023, which was paid to shareholders on June 6, 2023. This payment included a dividend of $0.13 
per share for the 2023 first quarter dividend, which was delayed by the late filing of the Company's 2022 Annual Report, including its 
audited financial statements, as well as $0.13 per share for the second quarter dividend. 
 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
The Company believes that of its significant accounting policies, the following are particularly important to the portrayal of the 
Company's results of operations and financial position and may require the application of a higher level of judgment by the Company's 
management and, as a result, are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty.   
  
36 
 

===== PAGE 37 =====
 
  
Revenue Recognition   
We recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the 
consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 
We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: 
● 
Identification of a contract, or contracts, with a customer; 
● 
Identification of performance obligations in the contract or contracts; 
● 
Determination of the transaction price; 
● 
Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
● 
Recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
  
Revenue disaggregated by revenue source for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 consists of the following (in 
thousands); revenue excludes sales and usage-based taxes when or if it has been determined that we are acting as a pass-through 
agent:  
  
Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, 
2023 
  
2022 
  
2023 
 
2022 
Product sales 
$ 
361 
$ 
1,432
$ 
1,159
$ 
2,366
Royalties 
3,655 
1,387
6,667
3,205
Total revenue 
$ 
4,016 
$ 
2,819
$ 
7,826
$ 
5,571
  
Product Sales: 
Product revenue is generated from the direct sales of our RTMS radar systems worldwide and our Autoscope video systems in Europe 
and Asia. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers in an amount that 
reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 
Certain product sales may contain multiple performance obligations for revenue recognition purposes. Multiple performance 
obligations may include the hardware, software, installation services, training, support, and extended warranties. In arrangements 
where we have multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation using the relative 
stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-alone selling prices based on the observable stand-alone prices charged to 
customers. For performance obligations without observable stand-alone prices charged to customers, we evaluate the adjusted market 
assessment approach and the expected cost plus margin approach to estimate the stand-alone selling prices. 
 
Revenue for services such as maintenance, repair, and technical support is recognized either as the service is performed or ratably over 
the defined contractual period for service maintenance contracts. From time to time our payment terms may vary by the type and 
location of our customer and the products or services offered. Revenue for extended warranties is deferred until the coverage period 
and then recognized ratably over the extended warranty term. 
 
We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are 
refundable. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer 
types, we require payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. 
 
We record provisions against sales revenue for estimated returns and allowances in the period when the related revenue is recorded 
based on historical sales returns and changes in end user demand. 
  
Royalties: 
Econolite Control Products, Inc. (“Econolite”) is our licensee that sells our Autoscope video system products in the United States, 
Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. The royalty of approximately 50% of the gross profit on licensed products is recognized when the 
products are shipped or delivered by Econolite to its customers. 
   
37 
 

===== PAGE 38 =====
 
 
Practical Expedients and Exemptions: 
We generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization periods would have been one year or less. These 
costs are recorded within sales, marketing and product support expense. 
 
We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or 
less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. 
  
Inventories 
Inventories are primarily electronic components and finished goods and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value 
determined under the first-in, first-out accounting method. 
  
Income Taxes 
We record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. Deferred tax assets and liabilities 
are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount 
that is believed more likely than not to be realized. We believe it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that 
may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with the tax effects of the deferred tax liabilities, will be 
sufficient to fully recover the remaining net realizable value of deferred tax assets. If all or part of the net deferred tax assets are 
determined not to be realizable in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such 
determination is made. In addition, the calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of 
uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s 
expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. We recognize penalties and interest 
expense related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
  
Intangible Assets 
We capitalize certain software development costs related to software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed. Capitalized software 
development costs include purchased materials, services, internal labor and other costs associated with the development of new 
products and services. Software development costs are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established, at 
which time future costs incurred are capitalized until the product is available for general release to the public. Based on our product 
development process, technological feasibility is generally established once product and detailed program designs have been 
completed, uncertainties related to high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing, and we have 
established that the necessary skills, hardware, and software technology are available for production of the product. Once a software 
product is available for general release to the public, capitalized development costs associated with that product will begin to be 
amortized to cost of sales over the product’s estimated economic selling life using the greater of straight-line or a method that results 
in cost recognition in future periods that is consistent with the anticipated timing of product revenue recognition. 
 
Capitalized software development costs are subject to an ongoing assessment of recoverability, which is impacted by estimates and 
assumptions of future revenues and expenses for these software products, as well as other factors such as changes in product 
technologies. Any portion of unamortized capitalized software development costs that are determined to be in excess of net realizable 
value have been expensed in the period in which such a determination is made. We did not capitalize any software development costs 
during the quarter ended June 30, 2023. Subsequent to reaching technological feasibility for certain software products, we capitalized 
$221,000 of software development costs during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. We did not capitalize any software development 
costs during the six-month period ended June 30, 2023. We capitalized $534,000 of software development costs during the six-month 
period ended June 30, 2022. 
 
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period to be benefited by future cash flows 
and reviewed for impairment. At both June 30, 2023 and 2022, we determined there was no impairment of intangible assets. At 
both June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
  
38 
 

===== PAGE 39 =====
 
 
Investments in Debt Securities  
We classify investments in debt securities on the acquisition date and at each balance sheet date. At December 31, 2022 and June 30, 
2023, all of our investments in debt securities were classified as available-for-sale. 
  
Investments in Equity Securities 
We carry all investments in equity securities at fair value and record the subsequent changes in values in the Consolidated Statement 
of Operations as a component of investment income or loss. 
 
2. New Accounting Standards Adopted 
In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-13, 
"Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("ASU 2016-13")." The 
amendments adopted in ASU 2016-13, among other things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets 
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Organizations 
will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied 
today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In 
addition, ASU 2016-13 amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets 
with credit deterioration. The FASB has issued multiple updates to ASU 2016-13 as codified in Topic 326, including ASU Nos 2019-
04, 2019-05, 2019-10, 2019-11, 2020-02, and 2020-03. These ASUs have provided for various minor technical corrections and 
improvements to the codification as well as other transition matters. Smaller reporting companies who file with the SEC and all other 
entities who do not file with the SEC are required to apply the guidance for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, 
beginning after December 15, 2022.  We adopted the standard as of January 1, 2023 for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
The impact of adopting this standard was assessed on accounts receivable and debt securities as of January 1, 2023 and June 30, 2023 
was not material. 
 3. Fair Value Measurements 
  
The guidance for fair value measurements establishes the authoritative definition of fair value, sets out a framework for measuring fair 
value and outlines the required disclosures regarding fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We use a three-tier fair value hierarchy based upon observable and 
non-observable inputs as follows: 
  
Level 1: observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 
Level 2: inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 
Level 3:  unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own 
assumptions. 
  
Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  
The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances in which the inputs used to measure 
fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest 
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the 
fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, including the consideration of inputs specific to the asset or liability. 
  
Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value 
  
Certain of our financial instruments are not measured at fair value and are recorded at carrying amounts approximating fair value, 
based on their short-term nature or variable interest rate. These financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts 
receivable, accounts payable and other current financial assets and liabilities. 
  
39 
 

===== PAGE 40 =====
 
4. Investments in available-for-sale debt securities 
 
Investments in available-for-sale debt securities as of June 30, 2023 are summarized by type below (in thousands).  
 
 
 
Amortized 
Cost 
  
Unrealized 
Gains 
  
Unrealized 
Losses 
  Fair Value(1)  
U.S. government 
 $ 
2,167 
 $ 
—
$ 
(1)
$ 
2,166 
Corporate and other taxable bonds 
 
791 
 
—
(26)
765 
Other 
 
435 
 
—
(4)
431 
 
 $ 
3,393 
 $ 
—
$ 
(31)
$ 
3,362 
 
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities at June 30, 2023 are summarized below by contractual 
maturity dates (in thousands).  
 
 
 
Due in one 
year or less   
Due after 
one year 
through five 
years 
  
Mortgage-
backed 
securities 
  
Total 
 
Amortized cost 
 $ 
2,958 
 $ 
435
$ 
—
$ 
3,393
Fair value(1) 
 $ 
3,029 
 $ 
333
$ 
—
$ 
3,362
 
(1) The fair value of the Company's available-for-sale debt securities are determined based upon inputs, other than the quoted prices 
in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly and are classified as level 2 fair value measurements. 
 
The following table shows the gross unrealized holding losses and fair value of our available-for-sale securities with unrealized 
holding losses, summarized by type of securities and length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous loss position 
deemed to be temporary as of June 30, 2023 (in thousands).  
 
 
 
Less than 12 months 
  
12 months or more 
  
Total 
 
 
 
Fair 
value(1) 
  
Gross 
unrealized 
losses 
  
Fair 
value(1) 
  
Gross 
unrealized 
losses 
  
Fair 
value(1) 
  
Gross 
unrealized 
losses 
 
U.S. government 
 $ 
2,166
$ 
(1) 
$ 
— 
$ 
—
$ 
2,166
$ 
(1)
Corporate and other taxable bonds 
 
765
(26) 
— 
—
765
(26)
Other 
 
—
— 
431 
(4)
431
(4)
 
 $ 
2,931
$ 
(27) 
$ 
431 
$ 
(4)
$ 
3,362
$ 
(31)
 
We did not consider any of our available-for-sale securities to be impaired as of June 30, 2023. When evaluating for impairment we 
assess indicators that include, but are not limited to, financial performance, changes in underlying credit ratings, market conditions and 
offers to purchase or sell. 
  
40 
 

===== PAGE 41 =====
 
5. Investments in equity securities 
 
Investments in equity securities as of June 30, 2023 are summarized based on the primary industry of the investee in the table below 
(in thousands).   
 
 
 
Cost Basis   
Net 
Unrealized 
Gains 
(Losses) 
  Fair Value(1) 
 
Banks and finance 
 $ 
250
$ 
(4)
$ 
246 
$ 
250
$ 
(4)
$ 
246
 
 
(1) The fair value of the Company's equity investments are determined based on readily available market data and are classified as 
level 1 fair value measurements. 
  
6. Inventories 
  
Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):  
 
 
 June 30, 2023     December 31, 
2022  
 
Finished goods  
$ 
2,274
$ 
1,928 
Components 
 
249
 
359 
Total  
$ 
2,523
$ 
2,287 
  
41 
 

===== PAGE 42 =====
 
7. Intangible Assets  
  
Intangible assets consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):              
  
  
June 30, 2023  
  
   
  
Weighted   
  
Gross  
  
Net  
Average    
  
Carrying  Accumulated Carrying  Useful Life  
  
 Amount  Amortization 
 Value  
(in Years)   
Wrong Way development costs  
$
228 $ 
(228) $ 
—
—  
Vision development costs  
3,107  
(2,581)
  
526
1.9  
Echo development costs     
1,852  
(904)
  
948
3.0  
IntellitraffiQ development costs  
 
468   
(468)   
— 
—  
IntelliSight development costs 
840  
(108)
 
732
2.7  
Total  
$
6,495 $ 
(4,289) $ 
2,206 
7.6   
  
   
December 31, 2022  
   
  
 
  
Weighted   
   
Gross  
Net  
Average    
   
Carrying  Accumulated Carrying  Useful Life  
   
 Amount  Amortization 
 Value  
(in Years)   
Wrong Way development costs  
$
228 $ 
(228) $
— 
— 
Vision development costs           
 
3,107
 
(2,371)  
736 
2.3 
Echo development costs             
  
1,852    
(772)    
1,080  
2.9 
IntellitraffiQ development costs 
 
468
 
(468)  
—
—
IntelliSight development costs 
 
840
 
(55)  
785
2.4
Total  
$
6,495 $ 
(3,894) $
2,601 
7.6 
  
8. Warranties 
  
We generally provide a two- to three-year warranty on product sales. Reserves to honor warranty claims are estimated and recorded at 
the time of sale based on historical claim information and are analyzed and adjusted periodically based on actual claim trends.  
Warranty liability and related activity consisted of the following (in thousands):  
  
   
Six-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
   
2023  
 
2022  
   
      
 
      
 
Beginning balance  
$  
108  $  
128 
Warranty provisions  
   
8
 
   
  15 
Warranty claims  
 
(5)
 
   
(6)
Adjustments to preexisting warranties  
 
(24)
 
   
(13)
Currency  
 
1
 
   
(5)
Ending balance  
$  
87
 $  
119 
  
42 
 

===== PAGE 43 =====
 
 
9. Stock-Based Compensation  
  
We compensate officers, directors, key employees and consultants with stock-based compensation under the Autoscope Technologies 
Corporation 2022 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2022 Plan") and the Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 2014 Stock Option and 
Incentive Plan (the "2014 Plan"), which was approved by our shareholders and are administered under the supervision of our Board of 
Directors. The Image Sensing Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2005 Plan") expired in 2015, although there are options 
to purchase 15,000 shares outstanding under the 2005 Plan that were issued before the 2005 Plan expired. The 2014 Plan, the 2005 
Plan, and awards granted under the 2014 Plan and 2005 Plan were assumed by Autoscope in the Reorganization.  There have been no 
issuances of stock options or other stock awards under the 2022 Plan. Generally, stock option awards are granted at exercise prices 
equal to the closing price of our stock on the day before the date of grant. Generally, options vest ratably over periods of three to five 
years from the dates of the grant, beginning one year from the date of grant, and have a contractual term of nine to 10 years. 
  
Compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized ratably over the vesting period. Stock-based compensation expense 
included in general and administrative expense for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was $88,000 and $62,000, 
respectively. Stock-based compensation expense included in general and administrative expense for the six-month periods ended June 
30, 2023 and 2022 was $102,000 and $268,000, respectively. At June 30, 2023, 576,279 shares were available for grant under 
the 2014 and 2022 Plans. 
  
Stock Options  
  
A summary of the stock option activity for the first six months of 2023 is as follows: 
  
  
  
Number of 
Shares 
  
Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price per 
Share 
  
Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term (in years)  
Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 
  
128,000   $ 
6.74   
8.94  $ 
660 
Granted 
  
—   $ 
—   
—  $ 
— 
Exercised 
  
—  $ 
—   
—  $ 
— 
Expired 
  
— $ 
—   
—  $ 
— 
Forfeited 
  
— $ 
—
—  $ 
— 
  
   
    
  
Options outstanding at June 30, 2023 
  
128,000  $ 
6.74
8.45
$ 
660
Options exercisable at June 30, 2023 
  
78,000  $ 
6.77
8.30
 $ 
660
 
No stock options were granted, exercised, expired or forfeited during the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, and options to 
purchase 7,000 shares were exercised and 2,000 shares were forfeited during the six-month period ended June 30, 2022. During each 
of the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we recognized $154,000 and $154,000, respectively, in stock-based 
compensation expense related to stock options. As of June 30, 2023, there was $95,000 of unrecognized compensation cost related to 
non-vested stock options. 
  
43 
 

===== PAGE 44 =====
 
 
Restricted Stock Awards and Stock Awards 
  
Restricted stock awards are granted under the 2014 Plan at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. 
We issue restricted stock awards to executive officers and key consultants. These awards may contain certain performance conditions 
or time-based vesting criteria. The restricted stock awards granted to executive officers vest if the various performance or time-based 
metrics are met. Stock-based compensation is recognized for the number of awards expected to vest at the end of the period and is 
expensed beginning on the grant date through the end of the vesting period. At the time of vesting of the restricted stock awards, the 
recipients of common stock may request to receive a net of the number of shares required for employee withholding taxes, which can 
be withheld up to the relevant jurisdiction's maximum statutory rate. Compensation expense related to any stock awards issued to 
employees is determined on the grant date based on the publicly-quoted fair market value of our common stock and is charged to 
earnings on the grant date.  
  
We also grant stock awards as a portion of the annual retainer for each director on a quarterly basis. On May 3, 2023, the form of 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the “RSU Agreement”) was approved by the Compensation Committee for grants of stock awards 
to directors consisting of restricted stock units. The RSU Agreement provides that restricted stock units valued at $30,000 were 
granted to each member of the Board of Directors in May 2023. The number of shares to be awarded and vested each quarter is 
determined by the closing price of one share of common stock on the trading day immediately before the vesting date. Of the 
restricted stock units awarded in 2023, shares subject to the restricted stock units with a value of $15,000 per director vested on June 
30, 2023. The remaining shares with a value of $7,500 will vest as to each director in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2023 if 
the director is then a director of the Company. Compensation expense relating to the stock awards is determined on the grant date 
based on the publicly-quoted fair market value of our common stock and is charged to earnings on the grant date.   
  
The following table summarizes restricted stock award activity for the first six months of 2023: 
  
 
 
Number of  
Shares  
    
Weighted 
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair Value 
Awards outstanding December 31, 2022  
 
5,043
$
6.61   
Granted  
 
16,890
 
4.44  
Vested  
 
(19,412)
 
4.72  
Forfeited  
 
—
 
—  
Awards outstanding at June 30, 2023  
 
2,521
$
6.61   
  
As of June 30, 2023, the total stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was $14,000, which 
is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.9 years. During the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and June 
30, 2022, we recognized $83,000 and $114,000, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. 
  
10. Income per Common Share 
  
Net income per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the daily weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
during the applicable periods. Diluted net income (loss) per share includes the potentially dilutive effect of common shares subject to 
outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, shares subject 
to certain outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards have been excluded from the calculation of the diluted weighted 
average shares outstanding because the exercise of those options or the vesting of those restricted stock awards would lead to a net 
reduction in common shares outstanding. As a result, stock options and restricted stock awards to acquire 131,602 and 120,000 
weighted common shares have been excluded from the diluted weighted shares outstanding for the three-month periods ended June 
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and 132,318 and 100,099 weighted common shares have been excluded from the diluted weighted 
shares outstanding for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
  
44 
 

===== PAGE 45 =====
 
  
A reconciliation of net income per share is as follows (in thousands, except per share data):   
  
 
Three-Month Periods Ended 
June 30, 
Six-Month Periods Ended June 
30, 
 
2023 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Numerator: 
Net income 
$ 
1,138 
$ 
74
$ 
1,969
$ 
92
Denominator: 
 
Weighted average common shares outstanding 
5,412 
5,381
5,411
5,371
Dilutive potential common shares 
— 
6
—
2
Shares used in diluted net income per common share 
calculations 
5,412 
5,387
5,411
5,373
Basic net income per common share 
$ 
0.21 
$ 
0.01
$ 
0.36
$ 
0.02
Diluted net income per common share 
$ 
0.21 
$ 
0.01
$ 
0.36
$ 
0.02
  
11. Segment Information  
The Company's Chief Executive Officer and management regularly review financial information for the Company's discrete operating 
segments. Based on similarities in the economic characteristics, nature of products and services, production processes, type or class of 
customer served, the method of distribution and regulatory environments, the operating segments have been aggregated for financial 
statement purposes and categorized into two reportable segments:  Intersection and Highway.  
Autoscope video is our machine-vision product line, and revenue consists of royalties (all of which are received from Econolite), as 
well as a portion of international product sales. Video products are normally sold in the Intersection segment. RTMS is our radar 
product line, and revenue consists of international and North American product sales. Radar products are normally sold in the 
Highway segment. All segment revenues are derived from external customers.  
Operating expenses and total assets are not allocated to the segments for internal reporting purposes. Due to the changes in how we 
manage our business, we may reevaluate our segment definitions in the future.      
The following tables set forth selected unaudited financial information for each of our reportable segments (in thousands):  
 
Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
Intersection 
Highway 
Total 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Revenue 
$
3,656 $ 
1,456 $
360 $
1,363 $
4,016 $
2,819
Gross profit 
3,446
1,305
84
690 
3,530
1,995
Amortization of intangible assets
132
105
66
99 
198
204
Intangible assets 
1,258
1,782
948
1,214 
2,206
2,996
 
Six Months Ended June 30, 
 
Intersection 
Highway 
Total 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Revenue 
$
6,737 $ 
3,438 $
1,089 $
2,133 $
7,826 $
5,571
Gross profit 
6,326
3,074
278
1,057 
6,604
4,131
Amortization of intangible assets
263
210
132
194 
395
404
Intangible assets 
1,258
1,782
948
1,214 
2,206
2,996
 
45 
 

===== PAGE 46 =====
 
12. Start up, Restructuring and Exit Activities 
 
In the third quarter of 2016, in order to streamline our operating and cost structure, we initiated the closure of our wholly-owned 
subsidiaries, Image Sensing Systems HK Limited (ISS HK) in Hong Kong and Image Sensing Systems (Shenzhen) Limited (ISS 
WOFE) in China. During 2020, we initiated the closure of Image Sensing Systems EMEA Limited (ISS UK) and Image Sensing 
Systems Holdings Limited (ISS Holdings). At September 30, 2021, Image Sensing Systems (Shenzhen) Limited was fully closed. We 
incurred $8,000 and $1,000 for these entities' closure costs in the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, 
respectively.   
  
13. Long-term Debt 
Real Property Bank Loan 
On December 10, 2021, ISNS entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with Coulee Bank (the "Bank") and 
issued a promissory note to the Bank (the "Note") in the original principal amount of $1,742,500 to finance the purchase of the 
Company’s headquarters in Minnesota located at 1115 Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota (the “Real Property”). 
The Note has a term of five years and bears interest at the fixed annual rate of 3.950% unless ISNS defaults under the terms of the 
Note, in which case a higher interest rate will go into effect calculated as provided in the Note.  The Note is payable in 59 consecutive 
monthly payments of principal and interest of $10,566, with the first payment due on January 10, 2022 and one final payment 
consisting of the balance of the entire remaining principal amount together with all accrued and unpaid interest, estimated at 
$1,438,256, due and payable on December 10, 2026.  There is no prepayment penalty unless ISNS finances the Note with another 
lender, in which case ISNS would be obligated to pay a prepayment penalty to the Bank equal to 1% of the unpaid principal. 
Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Loan Agreement, all indebtedness of ISNS to the Bank immediately will become 
due and payable, all without notice of any kind to ISNS, except that in the case of an event of default of the type described in the 
"Insolvency" subsection of the Loan Agreement, such acceleration will be automatic and not optional. 
Under the Mortgage granted by ISNS to the Bank (the "Mortgage") dated as of December 10, 2021, ISNS mortgaged and conveyed to 
the Bank, with power of sale, all of ISNS's right, title, and interest in and to the Real Property, together with all existing or 
subsequently erected or affixed buildings and all improvements and fixtures; and all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances.  The 
events of default under the Mortgage are similar to those under the Loan Agreement and the Note and are in addition to those under 
the Loan Agreement and the Note. 
As provided in the Assignment of Rents between ISNS and the Bank (the "Assignment") dated as of December 10, 2021, ISNS 
granted to the Bank a continuing security interest in, and conveyed to the Bank, all of ISNS's right, title, and interest in and to the rents 
from the Real Property.  The Assignment provides that unless and until the Bank exercises its right to collect the rents as provided in 
the Assignment and so long as there is no default under the Assignment, ISNS may remain in possession and control of and operate 
and manage the Real Property and collect the rents.  The events of default under the Assignment are similar to those under the Loan 
Agreement, the Note, and the Mortgage and are in addition to those under the Loan Agreement, the Note, and the Mortgage.  Other 
than the lease for the billboards on the Real Property, which TJ&Z assigned to ISNS, there are currently no tenants in the Real 
Property and no leases or other similar agreements with prospective tenants contemplated. 
 
46 
 

===== PAGE 47 =====
 
 
Upon a default, the Bank will have all the rights and remedies provided in the Loan Agreement, the Note, the Mortgage, and the 
Assignment or available at law, in equity, or otherwise. 
In connection with the Note, the Company incurred and capitalized approximately $13,000 of debt issuance costs which will be 
amortized as additional interest expense over the life of the loan and are presented as a reduction to the long-term debt balance.   
Long-term Debt Maturities 
Maturities of long-term debt, excluding deferred debt issuance costs, for the next five fiscal years are as follows (dollars in 
thousands):  
 
 
Long-term Debt 
Maturities 
 
2023 
$ 
30  
2024 
 
63  
2025 
 
65  
2026 
 
1,496  
Total Long-term Debt Maturities 
$ 
1,654  
  
14. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
Litigation 
  
We are involved from time to time in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including primarily 
commercial, product liability, employment and intellectual property claims. In accordance with GAAP, we record a liability in our 
Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to any of these matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and 
the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. With respect to any currently pending legal proceedings, we have not 
established an estimated range of reasonably possible additional losses either because we believe that we have valid defenses to claims 
asserted against us or the proceeding has not advanced to a stage of discovery that would enable us to establish an estimate. We 
currently do not expect the outcome of these matters to have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial 
position or cash flows. Litigation, however, is inherently unpredictable, and it is possible that the ultimate outcome of one or more 
claims asserted against us could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We expense legal costs as 
incurred.  
 
47 
 
