2006 :: h are included in this segment, accounted for $9.4 million of the biotechnology net sales increase for fiscal 2006. Approximately $1.3 million of the increase in biotechnology net sales for fiscal 2006 was the result of price increases. The majority of the remainder of the biotechnology net sales increase was from increased Biotechnology Division U.S. retail sales volume. Sales to pharmaceutical/biotechnology customers and academic customers, the two

2007 :: reased 7.7% in fiscal 2007. Biotechnology net sales in fiscal 2007 increased $12.2 million (9.1%) from fiscal 2006. Approximately $1.2 million of the increase in biotechnology net sales for fiscal 2007 was the result of price increases. The majority of the remainder of the biotechnology net sales increase was from increased Biotechnology Division U.S. retail sales volume. Sales to pharmaceutical/biotechnology customers and academic customers, the two

2007 :: ales by Fortron and BiosPacific accounted for $9.4 million of the biotechnology net sales increase for fiscal 2006. Approximately $1.3 million of the increase in biotechnology net sales for fiscal 2006 was the result of price increases. The majority of the remainder of the biotechnology net sales increase was from increased Biotechnology Division U.S. retail sales volume. Sales to pharmaceutical/biotechnology customers and academic customers, the two

2008 :: reased 7.7% in fiscal 2007. Biotechnology net sales in fiscal 2007 increased $12.2 million (9.1%) from fiscal 2006. Approximately $1.2 million of the increase in biotechnology net sales for fiscal 2007 was the result of price increases. The remainder of the biotechnology net sales increase was from increased sales volume with the greatest sales growth from pharmaceutical/biotechnology and academic customers. R&D Europe net sales increased $8.8 millio

2011 :: ny. In addition consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and/or to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and 

2011 ::  purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors’ actions may impact the Company’s future sales and earnings. The Company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operat

2011 :: ges. Factors that will affect the success of the acquisitions include any decrease in customer loyalty caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies’ product lines or its sales and marketing practices, including price increases, the ability to retain key employees and the ability of the Company to achieve synergies among its subsidiary companies. Such synergies include leveraging the combined companies’ sales and marketing efforts, achieving 

2012 :: ny. In addition consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and/or to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and 

2012 ::  purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors’ actions may impact the Company’s future sales and earnings. The Company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operat

2012 :: ges. Factors that will affect the success of the acquisitions include any decrease in customer loyalty caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies’ product lines or its sales and marketing practices, including price increases, the ability to retain key employees and the ability of the Company to achieve synergies among its subsidiary companies. Such synergies include leveraging the combined companies’ sales and marketing efforts, achieving 

2013 :: ny. In addition consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and/or to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and 

2013 ::  purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. The entry into the market of manufacturers in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors’ actions may impact the Company’s future sales and earnings. The Company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operat

2014 :: pany. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2014 :: ch suppliers were to limit or terminate production or otherwise fail to supply these materials for any reason, such failures could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s product sales and business. In addition, price increases for raw materials could adversely affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow. Increased exposure to product liability claims could adversely affect the Company’s earnings. Product liability is a major risk in testing 

2015 :: pany. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2015 :: ch suppliers were to limit or terminate production or otherwise fail to supply these materials for any reason, such failures could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s product sales and business. In addition, price increases for raw materials could adversely affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow. 16 Increased exposure to product liability claims could adversely affect the Company’s earnings. Product liability is a major risk in testi

2016 :: n, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2016 :: ch suppliers were to limit or terminate production or otherwise fail to supply these materials for any reason, such failures could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s product sales and business. In addition, price increases for raw materials could adversely affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow. Increased exposure to product liability claims could adversely affect the Company’s earnings. Product liability is a major risk in testing 

2016 :: qa in July 2015, contributing essentially all of the growth. Solid organic growth in the hematology controls product line was offset by customer delayed projects in the glucose controls product line due to reimbursement pricing pressures in that particular market segment. In fiscal 2016, the Protein Platforms segment net sales increased 17% from the prior fiscal year. Organic revenue increased 14% with an unfavorable currency impact of 2% and acquisiti

2017 :: n, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2017 :: qa in July 2015, contributing essentially all of the growth. Solid organic growth in the hematology controls product line was offset by customer delayed projects in the glucose controls product line due to reimbursement pricing pressures in that particular market segment. Gross Margins Consolidated gross margins were 67%, 67% and 68% in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Consolidated gross margins were negatively impacted as a result of purchase

2018 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2019 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2020 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufac

2021 :: our products through the supply chain; ● | adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables; ● | supply chain capacity constraints and price increases, including with respect to freight services; ● | failure of COVID-19 related products to be adopted in the market as anticipated; ● | adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ● | unpredictable increases i

2021 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2021 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. 17 A significant disruption

2022 :: r deliver our products. ​ ● adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; ​ ● price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; ​ ● adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ​ ● increasing the risk that counterparties to our contract

2022 :: European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia or Ukraine, the broader impact

2022 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2022 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. A significant disruption in, o

2023 :: r deliver our products; ​ ● adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; ​ ● price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; ​ ● adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ​ ● increased risk that counterparties to our contractual a

2023 :: European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia or Ukraine, the broader impact

2023 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2023 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. 21 Table of Contents A signifi

2024 :: r deliver our products; ​ ● adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; ​ ● price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; ​ ● adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ​ ● increased risk that counterparties to our contractual a

2024 :: European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated economic challenges. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia, Ukraine, or Israel, the broader impact of the conflict could negativel

2024 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2024 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. 21 Table of Contents A signifi

2025 :: liver our products; ​ ● | adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; ​ ● | price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; ​ ● | adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ​ ● | increased risk that counterparties to our contractu

2025 :: European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated economic challenges. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia, Ukraine, or Israel, the broader impact of the conflict could negativel

2025 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2025 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. 18 Table of Contents A signifi

2025 :: serve certain markets, which in turn will require us to bear significant increased costs to do business, and/or implement surcharges, and/or increase the price of certain of our products. As a result of any surcharge or price increase, there may be an adverse impact on the demand for our products, as well as an adverse impact as to our ability to serve the market in certain countries. The increased cost of importing raw materials and components from 

2026 :: liver our products; ​ ● | adverse impacts on our collections of accounts receivable, including delays in collections and increases in uncollectible receivables, as well as the risk of excess or obsolete inventory; ​ ● | price increases in our raw materials and capital equipment, as well as increasing price competition in our markets; ​ ● | adverse impacts on our workforce and/or key employees; ​ ● | increased risk that counterparties to our contractu

2026 ::  that invasion, have 15 Table of Contents caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally. Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and otherwise aggravated economic challenges. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia, Ukraine, or Israel, the broader impact of the conflict could negativel

2026 :: tion, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on us. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in

2026 ::  compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices). Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial results, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. A significant disruption in, o

2026 :: serve certain markets, which in turn will require us to bear significant increased costs to do business, and/or implement surcharges, and/or increase the price of certain of our products. As a result of any surcharge or price increase, there may be an adverse impact on the demand for our products, as well as an adverse impact as to our ability to serve the market in certain countries. The increased cost of importing raw materials and components from 

2026 ::  of assets held-for-sale, and impact of businesses held-for-sale, adjusted net earnings decreased 1% in fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025. Adjusted net earnings was primarily impacted by unfavorable product mix and pricing pressures. For fiscal 2025, consolidated net sales increased 5% as compared to fiscal 2024. Organic growth was 5% and foreign currency translation and a business held-for-sale did not have a material impact. Organic revenue grow

2026 :: eased 1% compared to fiscal 2025. Organic revenue for the segment decreased 1% for the fiscal year, and foreign currency exchange had a favorable impact of 2%. Segment revenue was impacted by unfavorable product mix and pricing pressures. In fiscal 2026, Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment net sales decreased 3% compared to fiscal 2025. A business within the Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Segment met the criteria as held-for-sale since June 30, 20

2026 :: tics and Spatial Biology | 55.2 | 57.3 | 58.7 ​ The decrease in the Protein Sciences segment’s gross margin percentage for fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025 was primarily attributable to unfavorable product mix and pricing pressure within the segment. The change in the Protein Sciences segment’s gross margin percentage for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 was primarily attributable to the mix of product sales within the segment. The decrease in

