 
 EX-99.1
 2
 fy25ex991-productionanddel.htm
 EX-99.1
 Document 
 | Exhibit 99.1 | 
 Lucid Announces Q4 Production & Deliveries, Sets Date for Fourth Quarter 2025 Results 
 NEWARK, CA — January 5, 2026 — Lucid Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: LCID), maker of the world’s most advanced electric vehicles, today announced production and delivery totals for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025. On a full year basis in 2025, the company produced 18,378 vehicles, up 104% compared to full year 2024, and delivered 15,841 vehicles, up 55% compared to full year 2024. 
 During Q4 2025, Lucid produced 8,412 vehicles, up 116% compared to Q3 2025, and delivered 5,345 vehicles, up 31% compared to Q3 2025. 1 
 Lucid will host a conference call to discuss its fourth quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, February 24, 2026, at 2:30 pm PT / 5:30 pm ET. Prior to the conference call, the company will issue an earnings press release with a link to the live webcast on its investor relations website, https://ir.lucidmotors.com . 
 To enhance engagement with the company’s shareholder base and facilitate connections with its investors, Lucid is partnering with Say Technologies to allow retail and institutional shareholders to submit and upvote questions, a selection of which will be answered by Lucid management during the earnings call. 
 Starting on February 10, 2026, at 2:30 pm PT / 5:30 pm ET, all shareholders can submit questions by visiting: https://app.saytechnologies.com/lucid-group-2025-q4 . This Q&A platform will remain open until 2:30 pm PT / 5:30 pm ET on February 23, 2026. Shareholders can email support@saytechnologies.com for any support inquiries. 
 Earnings Call Details: 
 Date: Tuesday, February 24, 2026 
 Time: 2:30 pm PT / 5:30 pm ET 
 Webcast: https://ir.lucidmotors.com (live and replay) 
 1 Lucid’s net income and cash flow results will be announced along with the rest of its financial performance when Lucid announces fourth quarter earnings. Lucid vehicle production and delivery numbers represent only one measure of the company’s operating performance and should not be relied on as sole indicators of quarterly financial results, which depend on a variety of factors. 
 About Lucid Group 
 Lucid (NASDAQ: LCID) is a Silicon Valley-based technology company focused on creating the most advanced EVs in the world. The award-winning Lucid Air and Lucid Gravity SUV deliver best-in-class performance, sophisticated design, expansive interior space and unrivaled energy efficiency. Lucid assembles both vehicles in its state-of-the-art, vertically integrated factories in Arizona and Saudi Arabia. Through its industry-leading technology and innovations, Lucid is advancing the state-of-the-art of EV technology for the benefit of all. 
 Investor Relations Contact 
 investor@lucidmotors.com 
 Sign up for investor email alerts: https://ir.lucidmotors.com/ir-resources/email-alerts 
 Media Contact 
 media@lucidmotors.com 
 1 
 Trademarks 
 This communication contains trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights of Lucid Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This communication includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “shall,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this communication, and on the current expectations of Lucid’s management. These forward-looking statements are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from these forward-looking statements. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Lucid. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those factors discussed under the headings “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in Lucid’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as in other documents Lucid has filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If any of these risks materialize or Lucid’s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Lucid currently does not know or that Lucid currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Lucid’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Lucid anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Lucid’s assessments to change. However, while Lucid may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Lucid specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Lucid’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. 
 2 
