first quarter 2026 performance, and the LCI board discussed that the LCI Standalone Projections, if approved, would be shared with Patrick and would be used in PWP’s financial analysis. Following discussion of the assumptions underlying the LCI Standalone Projections, the LCI board directed LCI management to finalize the LCI Standalone Projections and circulate them to the LCI board for final review and approval, which the LCI board determined would be obtained by written consent unless further discussion was required. For additional information regarding the LCI Standalone Projections, see the section of the joint proxy statement titled “ Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial Information .” Representatives of PWP reviewed illustrative signing timelines and reviewed the relative movements of Patrick’s stock price and LCI’s stock price since the Bloomberg article was published, potential drivers underlying such movements and the implications of such stock price movements on the implied exchange ratio and related valuation matters. Representatives of K&E reviewed a preliminary antitrust risk assessment and discussed the regulatory review process generally. On April 20, 2026, Mr. Nemeth met with Mr. Graham and advised him that, in light of the material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices following the emergence of market rumors regarding a potential transaction, Patrick believed that relative valuation should be evaluated by reference to the parties’ pre-Leak April 13, 2026 trading prices, which Patrick viewed as the appropriate unaffected reference point. On April 21, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting at which Mr. Nemeth updated the Patrick board regarding the potential transaction, perceived reception across stakeholders and the status of the parties’ transaction workstreams, including due diligence, the exchange of the parties’ respective long-range plans and the analysis of potential synergies. The Patrick board also discussed the relative trading performance of Patrick common stock and LCI common stock following the emergence of market rumors regarding a potential transaction, including the greater decline in the market price of Patrick common stock, the resulting material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices and the implications for valuation and potential exchange ratios. On April 21, 2026, the LCI board, via unanimous written consent, approved the LCI Standalone Projections, including for use by PWP for all purposes in connection with the evaluation of the transaction, and approved sharing the LCI Standalone Projections with Patrick. Representatives of PWP subsequently shared the LCI Standalone Projections with Patrick and its financial advisors. In April 2026, the chief executive officer of a strategic industry participant and customer of both Patrick and LCI (“Party B”) contacted Mr. Nemeth and expressed reservations regarding the potential combination of Patrick and LCI. During that conversation, the chief executive officer of Party B also suggested that Patrick and Party B consider whether there could be a potential strategic transaction involving Patrick and Party B. Mr. Nemeth indicated that, if Party B wished to pursue such a transaction, Party B should submit a preliminary proposal for Patrick to evaluate. Party B did not submit a proposal, and no specific transaction structure, valuation, form of consideration, governance terms or other material terms were proposed or discussed. On April 24, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting attended by members of Patrick management and representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. Mr. Nemeth updated the Patrick board regarding the status of due diligence, synergy analysis, merger agreement negotiations, antitrust analysis and timing, and stakeholder reactions, including customer reactions, following the public confirmation of discussions. The Patrick board discussed with its advisors prelim
inary valuation and transaction modeling, including the effect of the change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices on implied exchange ratios and relative ownership of the companies’ pre-closing shareholders. Following the departure of representatives of each of J.P. Morgan and Baird from the meeting, the Patrick board discussed valuation and modeling with members of management. Following the departure of management, the Patrick board continued to discuss valuation and governance. Mr. Nemeth was then excused, 81 Table of Contents and the Patrick board met in executive session and discussed the merger terms and governance of the potential combined company. On April 25, 2026, Messrs. Nemeth, Graham and Lippert met to discuss organizational structure and leadership. Later that day, Mr. Nemeth and Mr. Graham discussed transaction timing. Mr. Nemeth indicated that, subject to agreement on valuation, Patrick would be in a position to sign and announce the potential transaction by April 30, 2026. Mr. Graham indicated that valuation remained an open point and that he was doubtful that the parties would be in a position to sign and announce the potential transaction by April 30, 2026. On April 25, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. Representatives of PWP updated the LCI board on the status of diligence workstreams and reviewed LCI management’s preliminary net synergy estimates. The LCI board and members of management and representatives of PWP also discussed valuation and transaction modeling, including the continuing effect of the material change in the ratio between the Patrick and LCI common stock prices on implied exchange ratios, relative ownership of the companies’ pre-closing shareholders, as well as governance matters relating to the potential combined company. On April 26, 2026, representatives of McDermott delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement (the “April 26 Merger Agreement”) to representatives of K&E. The April 26 Merger Agreement provided, among other things, (i) a revised transaction structure whereby LCI would be acquired by Patrick via a reverse triangular merger, (ii) certain treatment of outstanding equity awards, including the conversion of LCI RSU and PSU awards into corresponding Patrick equity awards based on the exchange ratio, cash settlement of certain LCI deferred stock units and the treatment of outstanding Patrick equity awards, which would remain outstanding on their existing terms, with certain Patrick awards eligible to vest upon a qualifying termination, (iii) that the merger agreement would be governed by Indiana law, and (iv) a termination fee in an amount equal to 6% of LCI’s equity value payable by either party in certain circumstances. On April 26, 2026, representatives of McDermott delivered an initial draft of a governance term sheet (the “April 26 Governance Term Sheet”) to representatives of K&E. The April 26 Governance Term Sheet provided, among other things, that (i) the agreed governance terms would continue in effect until the second anniversary of the closing, at which point they would automatically sunset, (ii) the post-closing company board would consist of 12 directors split equally between Patrick and LCI designees, and the size of the combined company board would decrease by one director on each of the first three anniversaries of the closing of the transaction, (iii) Mr. Graham would serve as chair of the combined company board and Mr. Cleveland would serve as vice chair of the combined company board, (iv) Mr. Nemeth would serve as chief executive officer and president of the post-closing company, and (v) the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the directors would be required to approve certain specified governance actions. On April 28, 2026, representatives of LCI and Patrick conducted a diligence call to discuss the LCI Standalone Projections, the Patrick Standalone Projection
s and potential net synergies that could be achieved in connection with the transaction. On April 28, 2026, Messrs. Nemeth and Graham met to discuss the potential transaction. Mr. Nemeth reiterated Patrick’s view that the material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices following the emergence of market rumors regarding a potential transaction was adversely affecting the economics of a potential merger of equals and that Patrick continued to believe the April 13, 2026 trading prices should serve as the reference point for relative valuation. Mr. Graham indicated that the LCI board was not prepared at that time to agree to Patrick’s valuation position. On April 28, 2026, Mr. Graham and representatives of K&E discussed the April 26 Governance Term Sheet. Following this discussion, Mr. Graham directed K&E to deliver, and representatives of K&E delivered, a revised draft of the governance term sheet (the “April 28 Governance Term Sheet”) to representatives of McDermott. The April 28 Governance Term Sheet provided, among other things, (i) that the agreed governance arrangements would be implemented as of the closing and, other than the reduction in the size of the post-closing board, would not 82 Table of Contents continue to apply following the closing, and (ii) the size of the post-closing board would be reduced by two seats in 2028 and one seat in 2029. On April 29, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting attended by representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. Mr. Nemeth updated the Patrick board regarding discussions with Mr. Graham concerning valuation and the status of due diligence. Representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed preliminary valuation discussions conducted at the direction of the Patrick board that J.P. Morgan had been having with LCI’s financial advisors, including the parties’ differing perspectives on how the ratio between Patrick’s and LCI’s trading prices following the Leak should be reflected in the valuation of the two companies in the transaction. Mr. Duthie and representatives of McDermott then updated the Patrick board regarding the status of the merger agreement and the governance proposals exchanged by Patrick and LCI. Following discussion, the Patrick board provided direction to Mr. Duthie and McDermott regarding a governance counterproposal to be delivered to LCI. On April 30, 2026, Patrick released its first quarter 2026 financial results. On April 30, 2026, representatives of McDermott delivered a revised draft of the governance term sheet (the “April 30 Governance Term Sheet”) to representatives of K&E. The April 30 Governance Term Sheet provided, among other things, (i) certain governance terms would continue in effect until the second anniversary of the closing, at which point they would automatically sunset, and (ii) prior to the sunset of the governance terms, the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the directors would be required to remove, replace or appoint a successor to the chief executive officer of the combined company (the “CEO Supermajority Requirement”). On May 1, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting attended by members of Patrick management and representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. Mr. Nemeth updated the Patrick board regarding the status of discussions with Mr. Graham, including preliminary valuation discussions, status of negotiations and potential timing of entering into a definitive agreement with LCI. Representatives of J.P. Morgan reviewed preliminary relative financial analyses of the potential transaction, including analyses based on then-current and historical trading prices of Patrick and LCI common stock, the relative values of Patrick and LCI and the basis for the anticipated J.P. Morgan fairness opinion. The Patrick board continued its discussion of valuation, including how the material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices following the Leak on April 13, 2026 affected 
potential exchange ratios and the relative pro forma ownership of pre-closing LCI stockholders and Patrick shareholders in the combined company. On May 2, 2026, Messrs. Nemeth and Graham had a call in which they discussed the status of the potential transaction, including valuation matters. On May 2, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. Representatives of PWP reported that financial and business diligence was substantially complete. Representatives of LCI management reported that they were comfortable with the assumptions underlying the Patrick Standalone Projections. Following discussion, the LCI board approved the use of the Patrick Standalone Projections in PWP’s preliminary financial analyses. Representatives of K&E reviewed the key terms of the April 26 Merger Agreement, including the termination fee provisions, the regulatory efforts covenant and the treatment of outstanding equity awards, as well as the two-year governance sunset and the CEO Supermajority Requirement included in the April 30 Governance Term Sheet. The LCI board provided feedback and direction to the K&E representatives regarding the terms of the merger agreement and governance term sheet. Representatives of PWP then reviewed preliminary relative financial analyses of the potential transaction, including analyses based on then- current and historical trading prices of Patrick and LCI common stock, the LCI Standalone Projections and the Patrick Standalone Projections. Representatives of PWP noted that, based on recent daily closing prices, an “at-the- market” transaction implied pro forma ownership levels of approximately 48% for LCI stockholders and approximately 52% for Patrick shareholders. The LCI board continued its discussion of valuation, including the effect of the post-Leak Announcement stock price movements on the potential exchange ratio and relative ownership of LCI’s and Patrick’s pre-closing shareholders. On May 2, 2026, representatives of K&E delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement (the “May 2 Merger Agreement”), reflecting the terms discussed and direction received from the LCI board at its meeting earlier that 83 Table of Contents day. The May 2 Merger Agreement, among other things, (i) accepted the reverse triangular merger structure, subject to inclusion of a closing condition for delivery of a tax opinion to LCI as to the tax-free nature of the transaction for LCI stockholders, (ii) reduced the termination fee to 3.25% of LCI’s equity value, (iii) proposed a nine-month initial outside date with two three-month automatic extensions if antitrust clearance was the sole reason the transaction had not closed, (iv) proposed that the performance criteria for LCI and Patrick PSUs be satisfied at the greater of (A) target performance and (B) actual performance through the first effective time extrapolated through the end of the applicable performance period, with each such LCI and Patrick PSU thereafter subject only to time-based vesting, and (v) provided that the merger agreement would be governed by Delaware law, except for (A) matters relating to the fiduciary duties of Patrick directors, which would be governed by Indiana law, and (B) to the extent the provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law or the Indiana Business Flexibility Act are mandatorily applicable to the mergers, such provisions would govern. On May 3, 2026, Mr. Nemeth and Mr. Graham resumed their discussions, during which Mr. Graham conveyed the LCI board’s position that LCI stockholders should hold more than the 45% pro forma ownership proposed by Patrick, but that LCI would not make a specific counterproposal until after its earnings release so that it could observe post-earnings trading. Later that day, the Patrick board held a meeting attended by members of Patrick management and representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. Mr. Nemeth updated the Patrick boa
rd regarding the status of his discussions with Mr. Graham and reported that valuation and timing remained unresolved, including that Patrick continued to believe relative valuation should be evaluated by reference to the April 13 pre-Leak trading prices and the parties had not reached agreement on that approach. The Patrick board discussed the material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices following the emergence of market rumors, including the greater decline in Patrick’s trading price, the potential consequences of further delay and the uncertainty as to whether the parties could reach acceptable transaction economics on a timely basis given the post-Leak trading of LCI and Patrick common stock. Following discussion, the Patrick board approved terminating discussions with LCI, authorized Mr. Nemeth to inform Mr. Graham of that decision and approved issuance of a news release before market open on May 4, 2026 announcing the termination of discussions. Following the Patrick board meeting, Mr. Nemeth informed Mr. Graham of Patrick’s decision to terminate discussions. Mr. Graham promptly informed the LCI board, and the parties coordinated the public announcement of the termination. On May 4, 2026, before opening of market, Patrick and LCI publicly announced that the parties had terminated discussions regarding a potential business combination. On May 4, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with representatives of K&E and PWP. Mr. Graham reported on his May 3, 2026 conversation with Mr. Nemeth, and further reported that, prior to the termination of transaction discussions, he had told Mr. Nemeth that LCI stockholders should hold more than the 45% pro forma ownership proposed by Patrick, but that LCI would not make a specific counterproposal until after its earnings release so that it could observe post-earnings trading. On May 5, 2026, LCI released its first quarter 2026 financial results. During May 2026 and early June 2026, the LCI board discussed the strategic direction of LCI and leadership of the LCI board and management, including whether changes to LCI’s board or management team were advisable. The LCI board determined to defer any further discussions with Patrick until after the LCI board had completed its review of potential changes to LCI’s board and/or management team in light of the potential impact of any such changes on a potential transaction with Patrick. At the LCI board’s direction, representatives of PWP conveyed to representatives of J.P. Morgan that LCI continued to believe in the strategic merits of a transaction and would be interested in resuming discussions after completing certain near-term priorities. On June 4, 2026, after the LCI board had completed discussions on a potential leadership transition, Mr. Lippert announced his retirement as President and Chief Executive Officer and his resignation as a director of the LCI board, and LCI announced that, as part of its long-term succession planning, Mr. Graham had resigned as Chair and director of the LCI board. As part of these transitions, the LCI board appointed John A. Sirpilla, a director of LCI, as 84 Table of Contents interim chief executive officer and Virginia L. Henkels, a director of LCI, as chair. Neither Mr. Lippert’s nor Mr. Graham’s resignation resulted from any disagreement with LCI. Between May 4, 2026 and the resumption of transaction discussions in June 2026, representatives of LCI received inbound communications from two parties about potential strategic transactions that would not have resulted in a change of control of LCI and held conversations with certain other parties regarding potential strategic alternatives that may be available to LCI. No party submitted a proposal with respect to any such transaction. On June 6, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E. Mr. Sirpilla reported that LCI management remained supportive of pursuing a potential tran
saction with Patrick. The LCI board discussed the timing of, and process for, a potential re-engagement with Patrick, including the advantages of proceeding expeditiously in light of the then-current stock price of each company and the risk that Patrick could pursue alternative opportunities. Following discussion, the LCI board determined to seek to resume discussions with Patrick regarding a potential transaction and directed LCI’s management and advisors to coordinate with Patrick and its advisors on next steps. On June 7, 2026, PWP contacted J.P. Morgan about setting up a meeting between Mr. Nemeth, Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla to explore the basis for Patrick and LCI to resume discussions regarding a potential transaction. On June 7, 2026, the Patrick board met to consider LCI’s renewed outreach. The Patrick board discussed the basis on which Patrick might be willing to resume discussions with LCI. Following discussion, the Patrick board authorized Mr. Nemeth to meet with LCI on the basis that Patrick would seek transaction economics based on the parties’ unaffected pre-Leak trading prices and certain governance changes from the initial discussions based on recent changes to the Lippert Board and the importance of the RV industry relationships. On June 10, 2026, Mr. Nemeth met with Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla in Chicago. Mr. Nemeth discussed Patrick’s reasons for terminating the earlier discussions, including the material change in the ratio between the parties’ trading prices following the emergence of market rumors and its effect on relative valuation. Mr. Nemeth advised them that Patrick was prepared to consider resuming negotiations and described Patrick’s proposed framework, including that Patrick would designate the chair of the combined company board, the board would initially consist of six Patrick designees and five LCI designees and the starting point for exchange-ratio discussions would reflect the parties’ unaffected trading prices as of April 13, 2026. Later that day, Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla informed Mr. Nemeth that LCI was not prepared to accept Patrick’s proposed board leadership arrangement, and Mr. Nemeth agreed to present LCI’s position to the Patrick board. On June 12, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting at which Mr. Nemeth briefed the Patrick board regarding his discussions with Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla and his assessment of the potential terms on which discussions might resume. Later that day, Mr. Nemeth spoke with Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla and communicated that the Patrick board had requested that LCI provide a comprehensive term sheet before the Patrick board would authorize Mr. Nemeth to reengage in transaction discussions, but that, subject to seeing the terms proposed by LCI, the Patrick board was open to reengaging with LCI regarding a potential transaction and would want to move quickly. Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla highlighted certain proposed governance terms to Mr. Nemeth, including LCI’s right to designate the board chair of the combined company and the chairs of the Capital Allocation & Strategy and Nominating & Governance committees. Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla also proposed that the name of the combined company be a combination of the parties’ existing names. Later that day, the LCI board held a meeting with representatives of K&E and PWP. Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla updated the LCI board on their June 10 and June 12, 2026 discussions with Mr. Nemeth. Representatives of PWP then reviewed a draft term sheet with the LCI board, which provided for (i) pro forma ownership of 46.5% for pre-closing LCI stockholders and 53.5% for pre-closing Patrick shareholders, (ii) a twelve member combined company board of directors with six directors designated by each party, (iii) Ms. Henkels as chair of the combined company with her replacement designated by LCI, (iv) Mr. Cleveland as vice chair of the combined company, (v) committee chairs designated by Patrick for 
the Audit and Compensation committees and by LCI for the Nominating & Governance and Capital Allocation & Strategy committees, and (vi) the CEO Supermajority Requirement in the 85 Table of Contents first two years following the closing. The LCI board discussed potential synergies and the appropriate amount of net synergies to be publicly committed to in connection with the announcement of the transaction. Following discussion, the LCI board approved the delivery of a term sheet reflecting the terms so discussed to Patrick. Ms. Henkels sent the term sheet (the “LCI June 12 Term Sheet”) to Mr. Nemeth following the meeting. On June 15, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting to discuss the LCI June 12 Term Sheet and authorized Mr. Nemeth to present a counterproposal to LCI that contemplated pro forma ownership of the combined company of 53% to be held by pre-closing Patrick shareholders and 47% to be held by pre-closing LCI stockholders, a combined company board consisting of six Patrick designees and five LCI designees, Mr. Cleveland serving as chair, Mr. Sirpilla serving as vice chair and Mr. Nemeth serving as chief executive officer. This proposal reflected Patrick’s view of relative valuation based in part on then-current trading prices of Patrick and LCI common stock. On June 15, 2026, Mr. Sirpilla spoke to the chief executive officer of Party A, who expressed potential interest in reopening discussions with LCI and the possibility of Party A acquiring LCI. Following this discussion, no further discussions regarding a potential business combination were held between LCI and Party A, and Party A did not submit a proposal with respect to any such potential business combination. On June 16, 2026, Mr. Nemeth met with Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla. Mr. Nemeth communicated Patrick’s position and Ms. Henkels observed that Patrick’s position would in her view provide Patrick with disproportionate governance rights in the combined company and that LCI would need to consider whether additional economic value, potentially including a premium or other consideration, would be required for LCI to continue engaging on that basis. Mr. Nemeth also provided his view on the importance of RV-industry relationships with respect to the chair of the combined company. On June 16, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with representatives of K&E and PWP. Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla updated the LCI board on their discussion with Mr. Nemeth and, in light of Mr. Nemeth’s views regarding the importance of RV-industry relationships, the LCI board discussed proposing that Mr. Sirpilla be designated as chair of the combined company instead of Ms. Henkels. Mr. Sirpilla also reported on his June 15, 2026 discussion with the chief executive officer of Party A. Mr. Sirpilla further reported on the ongoing synergy analysis workstreams, including LCI management’s current views regarding net synergy realization. On June 19, 2026, the Patrick board met to continue discussing the LCI June 12 Term Sheet and the parties’ ongoing negotiations. Following the meeting, Patrick delivered to LCI a written counterproposal reflecting the economic and governance terms authorized by the Patrick board on June 15, 2026 (the “Patrick June 19 Term Sheet”), including pro forma ownership of approximately 53% by pre-closing Patrick shareholders and approximately 47% by pre-closing LCI stockholders, a combined company board consisting of six Patrick designees and five LCI designees, Mr. Cleveland serving as chair, Mr. Sirpilla serving as vice chair and Mr. Nemeth serving as chief executive officer. The Patrick June 19 Term Sheet also provided for the LCI-designated vice chair to chair the Capital Allocation & Strategy Committee, oversee integration and capital allocation and collaborate with the chair in setting board agendas, and contemplated that the name of the combined company would be mutually agreed by the parties following announcement of the transaction. On Jun
e 19, 2026, Mr. Nemeth called Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla and provided an overview of the Patrick June 19 Term Sheet. Ms. Henkels and Mr. Sirpilla observed that Patrick’s counterproposal would in their view provide Patrick with disproportionate governance rights in the combined company and that LCI would need to consider whether additional economic value, potentially including a premium or other consideration, would be required for LCI to continue engaging on such basis. On June 19, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. Ms. Henkels reported on her discussion with Mr. Nemeth, and the LCI board discussed that governance terms proposed by Patrick should warrant a premium to the implied price of shares of LCI common stock. As part of this discussion, the LCI board discussed the possibility of introducing a cash component to the merger consideration. The LCI board also discussed the possibility of conducting outreach to other potential counterparties should the parties not be able to reach agreement on the governance and economic terms. Representatives of K&E reviewed the 86 Table of Contents LCI board’s fiduciary duties in connection with its evaluation of the potential business combination, including with respect to outreach to alternative strategic acquirors. On June 22, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. The LCI board discussed the Patrick June 19 Term Sheet, including potential synergies and the appropriate amount of net synergies to be publicly committed to in connection with the announcement of the transaction. Following discussion, the LCI board authorized a counterproposal providing for (i) 49% pro forma ownership for LCI stockholders, (ii) a 12-member combined company board split evenly between the parties, (iii) Mr. Cleveland as chair of the combined company board, (iv) Mr. Sirpilla as vice chair of the combined company board, (v) Mr. Nemeth as chief executive officer of the combined company and (vi) LCI having the right to designate three of the four committee chairs, with Patrick designating the Compensation Committee Chair. Following the meeting, LCI delivered such counterproposal to Patrick (the “June 22 Term Sheet”). On June 23, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting with members of Patrick management and representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. Representatives of J.P. Morgan reviewed preliminary valuation materials with the Patrick board. Following discussion, the Patrick board authorized delivery of a counterproposal to LCI (the “June 23 Term Sheet”) that contemplated pro forma ownership of approximately 52% by pre-closing Patrick shareholders and approximately 48% by pre-closing LCI stockholders, a twelve member combined company board with six directors designated by each party, Mr. Cleveland serving as chair of the combined company board, Mr. Sirpilla serving as vice chair of the combined company board, Mr. Nemeth serving as chief executive officer of the combined company, Patrick having the right to designate two of the four committee chairs, with LCI designating the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair and Capital Allocation & Strategy Committee chair and that the parties enter into a fourteen day exclusivity agreement. The revised ownership terms reflected the Patrick board’s assessment of then-current relative trading prices and updated preliminary financial analyses prepared by J.P. Morgan and Baird. On June 24, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. The LCI board discussed the June 23 Term Sheet and approved accepting 48% pro forma ownership for LCI stockholders in the combined company. The LCI board discussed potential synergies and the appropriate amount of net synergies to be publicly committed to in connection with the announcement of the transaction, and directe
d LCI management to discuss LCI’s views regarding potential synergies with Patrick management. The LCI board also discussed committee chairs, and determined that LCI would accept designating two committee chairs if LCI designated the chair of the Nominating & Governance Committee and the Capital Allocation & Strategy Committee (with Mr. Sirpilla chairing such committee). Following discussion of transaction timing with representatives of K&E and PWP, the LCI board determined to target execution and announcement of the transaction before market open on June 30, 2026. The LCI board determined that the parties should not negotiate a formal exclusivity agreement, but instead that LCI should convey to Patrick the urgency of the timeline. Representatives of K&E also updated the LCI board on the status of the legal and regulatory workstreams. On June 24, 2026, Ms. Henkels informed Mr. Nemeth that LCI was prepared to proceed on the basis of the principal terms reflected in Patrick's counterproposal, and the parties re-engaged in negotiations toward a definitive agreement. On June 25, 2026, the parties reopened access to their virtual data rooms and the parties continued reciprocal diligence through the signing of the definitive transaction documentation. On June 26, 2026, representatives of McDermott delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement (the “June 26 Merger Agreement”) to representatives of K&E. The June 26 Merger Agreement provided, among other things, (i) a termination fee equal to 4% of LCI’s equity value, together with reimbursement of the other party’s transaction expenses, payable by either party in certain circumstances, and (ii) that the merger agreement would be governed by Indiana law. In addition, during this time and until the execution of the merger agreement on June 30, 2026, representatives of K&E and McDermott discussed on multiple occasions an appropriate antitrust efforts covenant, including limitations on the parties’ efforts obligations with respect to obtaining regulatory clearances. 87 Table of Contents On June 27, 2026, the LCI board held a meeting with members of LCI management and representatives of K&E and PWP. Representatives of PWP reported that LCI management and Patrick management continued to evaluate synergy opportunities, with LCI management identifying potential net synergies of approximately $150 million. Representatives of PWP also reported that business diligence was substantially complete. Representatives of K&E reviewed with the LCI board the key open items in the transaction documentation, including the termination fee, the regulatory efforts provisions, the treatment of equity awards and governing law. The LCI board authorized the representatives of K&E to continue progressing transaction documentation. On June 29, 2026, representatives of K&E delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement (the “June 29 K&E Merger Agreement”) to representatives of McDermott. The June 29 K&E Merger Agreement provided, among other things, (i) a termination fee equal to 3.50% of LCI’s equity value payable by either party in certain circumstances and (ii) that the merger agreement would be governed by Delaware law. The parties subsequently exchanged multiple drafts of the merger agreement while finalizing it prior to execution on June 30, 2026. On June 29, 2026, representatives of PWP and J.P. Morgan had a call to discuss the exchange ratios to be used in the definitive transaction documentation to reflect a pro forma ownership of the combined company of 48% for LCI stockholders and 52% for Patrick shareholders (the “Agreed Pro Forma Ownership Ratio”). The representatives of PWP and J.P. Morgan agreed that, based on the capitalization information provided by both parties, the Agreed Pro Forma Ownership Ratio corresponded to the then-calculated exchange ratio of 1.2351 shares of Patrick common stock for each share of LCI common stock (the “Initial Agreed Exchange Ratio”). On 
June 29, 2026, the Patrick board held a meeting with members of Patrick management and representatives of each of J.P. Morgan, Baird and McDermott. The Patrick board reviewed the proposed transaction terms, including the parties’ agreement that, immediately following completion of the merger, pre-closing Patrick shareholders would own approximately 52% and pre-closing LCI stockholders would own approximately 48% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis, and the Initial Agreed Exchange Ratio, which remained subject to finalization of the share-count calculation. The Patrick board also reviewed the implied value and premium to LCI stockholders, the historical exchange ratio between Patrick common stock and LCI common stock, relative valuation analyses, selected public company and discounted cash flow analyses, potential cost synergies, expected costs to achieve synergies and the proposed governance arrangements for the combined company. The Patrick board also discussed the strat
