
EX-99.2
3
ea027342901ex99-2_newegg.htm
DISCLOSURE FROM LIANLUO (ENGLISH TRANSLATION)
Exhibit 99.2
Announcement No.: 2026-002
| Stock
Code: 400239 | Stock Abbreviation: Lianluo 3 | Sponsor: Caitong Securities |
Hangzhou Lianluo Interactive Information
Technology Co., Ltd.
Announcement Regarding
the Detention of the Company’s Controlling Shareholder, Controlling Person, and Chairman
The Company and all members of its Board of Directors guarantee the
truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of the contents of this announcement, and confirm that there are no false records, misleading
statements, or material omissions. They accept joint and several liability for the truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness of the contents
hereof.
Hangzhou Lianluo Interactive Information
Technology Co., Ltd. (the “
Company
”) recently received a notice from the family of Mr. He Zhitao, the Company’s controlling
shareholder, controlling person, and Chairman, that they received a “Notice of Detention” and a “Notice of Investigation”
issued by the Haibei Prefecture Supervisory Commission, and that Mr. He Zhitao is being placed under investigation and has been detained.
The aforementioned matters pertain
personally to Mr. He Zhitao. The Company has a sound governance structure and internal control mechanism, and its daily operations and
management are handled by its executive officers. Currently, all other directors and executive officers are performing their duties normally,
the Board of Directors is fulfilling its responsibilities in accordance with the laws, and all business activities of the Company and
its subsidiaries are proceeding normally. The aforementioned matters are not expected to have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s
normal operations.
As of the date of this announcement,
the Company is unaware of the progress or conclusions of the aforementioned matters. The Company will continue to monitor the progress
of these matters and will strictly fulfill its information disclosure obligations in a timely manner in accordance with relevant laws,
regulations, and requirements. The Company’s designated information disclosure platform is the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
(
www.neeq.com.cn
), and all information disclosed by the Company is subject to the information published on the aforementioned designated
platform. Investors are advised to invest rationally and be aware of the risks.
Hangzhou Lianluo Interactive Information
Technology Co., Ltd.
Board of
Directors
January 8, 2026
