
F-3
1
ea0292089-f3_newegg.htm
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 29, 2026
Registration No. 333- 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM F-3
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
Newegg Commerce, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
N/A
(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)
| British Virgin Islands | 98-1608057 |
| (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) |
Newegg Commerce, Inc.
21688 Gateway Center Drive, Suite 300
Diamond Bar, CA 91765
Telephone: +1 (626) 271-9700
(Address and telephone number of Registrant’s
principal executive offices)
Cogency Global, Inc.
122 East 42
nd
 Street, 18
th
Floor
New York, NY 10168
Telephone: +1 (800) 221-0102
(Name, address, and telephone number of agent for
service)
Copies of communications, including communications
sent to agent for service, should be sent to:
| Katherine J. Blair, Esq. Jones Day 555 S. Flower St., 50 th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90071 Telephone: +1 (213) 489-3939 | David C. Lee, Esq. Jones Day 3161 Michelson Drive, Suite 800 Irvine, CA 92612 Telephone: +1 (949) 851-3939 |
Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public
: From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement.
If the only securities being registered on
this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. 
☐
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered
on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection
with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒
If this Form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment
filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
☐
If this Form is a registration statement
pursuant to General Instruction I.C. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. 
☐
If this Form is a post-effective amendment
to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.C. filed to register additional securities or additional classes
of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. 
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933.
Emerging growth company
 ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act. 
☐
| † | The term “new or revised financial accounting standard”
refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012. |
The registrant hereby
amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance
with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the
Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.
The information in
this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not offer these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an
offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
Subject to completion,
dated May 29, 2026 
PROSPECTUS
Newegg Commerce, Inc.
$250,000,000
of
Common Shares
Warrants
or Units
and
7,000,000 additional Common Shares
Offered by the Selling Shareholders
We may offer and sell up
to $250,000,000 in the aggregate of our common shares (“
Common Shares
”), warrants to purchase Common Shares (“
Warrants
”)
and/or units consisting of Common Shares and Warrants (“
Units
”), which we refer to collectively as the “
securities
.”
In addition, the selling shareholders may offer and sell up to 7,000,000 Common Shares. This prospectus describes the general terms of
these securities and the general manner in which we and the selling shareholders will offer these securities. We or the selling shareholders
will provide the specific terms of the securities that may be offered, and the manner in which they are being offered, in one or more
supplements to this prospectus. Any supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. This prospectus
is not an offer to sell the securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy the securities in any state where the offer or sale is
not permitted. Neither we nor the selling shareholders will use this prospectus to offer any securities unless it is attached to a prospectus
supplement. You should read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, together with the additional information described under
the heading “
Where You Can Find More Information
,” before investing in the securities. The amount and price of the
securities will be determined at the time of any offering thereof.
Our Common Shares are traded
on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“
Nasdaq
”) under the symbol “NEGG.” The last reported sale price for our Common
Shares on May 28, 2026 as quoted on the Nasdaq was $18.61 per share.
As of May 26, 2026, the aggregate market value worldwide of our outstanding
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately $57.0 million, based on 20,973,423 Common Shares outstanding,
of which 1,273,376 Common Shares were held by non-affiliates, and a per share price of $44.77 based on the closing sale price of our Common
Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 17, 2026. Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.5. of Form F-3, in no event will we sell, pursuant
to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, securities with a value exceeding one-third of the aggregate market
value of our outstanding Common Shares held by non-affiliates in any 12-month period, so long as the aggregate market value of our Common
shares held by non-affiliates is less than $75.0 million. During the prior 12 calendar month period that ends on and includes the date
of this prospectus, we have not sold any of our securities pursuant to General Instruction I.B.5. on Form F-3.
Investing in any of our
securities involves risks. Please read carefully the section titled “
Risk Factors
” beginning on page 6 of this
prospectus and contained in our most recent annual report on Form 20-F (our “Annual Report”) filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or the “Commission”) and in any applicable prospectus supplement and may be
described in certain of the documents we incorporate by reference in this prospectus. See “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” beginning
on page 1 of our Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Neither the Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
The date of this prospectus is , 2026.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
| Page |
| ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1 |
| |
| WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 1 |
| |
| INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 2 |
| |
| CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 3 |
| |
| ENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN CIVIL LIABILITIES | 4 |
| |
| THE COMPANY | 5 |
| |
| RISK FACTORS | 6 |
| |
| USE OF PROCEEDS | 6 |
| |
| PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT | 7 |
| |
| DESCRIPTION OF COMMON SHARES | 7 |
| |
| DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS AND UNITS | 7 |
| |
| SELLING SHAREHOLDERS | 8 |
| |
| PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 10 |
| |
| LEGAL MATTERS | 11 |
| |
| EXPERTS | 11 |
We are responsible for the
information contained in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein and
therein. We have not authorized any person to give you any other information, and we take no responsibility for any other information
that others may give you. This document may only be used where it is legal to sell the securities. You should not assume that the information
contained in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference is accurate as of any
date other than their respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since
those dates. We are not making an offer of the securities in any state where the offer is not permitted.
i
ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS
This prospectus is part
of a registration statement on Form F-3 that we filed with the SEC using a shelf registration process. Under this shelf registration process,
we may offer and sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings and the selling shareholders
may also offer and sell their respective Common Shares described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. We will not receive any
proceeds from the sale by such selling shareholders of the securities offered by them described in this prospectus. Each time we or the
selling shareholders sell securities, we or such selling shareholders will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific
information about the terms of that offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus.
Neither we nor the selling shareholders have authorized anyone to provide
you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement
or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. Neither we nor the selling shareholders
take any responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither
we nor the selling shareholders will make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.
Unless the context otherwise
requires, in this prospectus the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Newegg”, “the Company”
and “the registrant” refer to Newegg Commerce, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
We file periodic reports
and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) on which our annual and other reports are made available.
In addition, the securities may specify that certain documents are available for inspection at the office of the Company. All Internet
references in this prospectus are inactive textual references and we do not incorporate website contents into this prospectus.
Upon written or oral request,
we will provide to any person, at no cost to such person, including any beneficial owner to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered,
a copy of any or all of the information that has been incorporated by reference in this prospectus but not delivered with this prospectus.
You may make such a request by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number:
Newegg Commerce, Inc.
21688 Gateway Center Drive, Suite 300
Diamond Bar, CA 91765
Telephone: +1 (626) 271-9700
Attn: Investor Relations
1
INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE
The SEC allows us to “incorporate
by reference” the information we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you
to those documents, which are considered part of this prospectus. Information that we file with the SEC in the future and incorporate
by reference will automatically update and supersede the previously filed information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed
below:
| ● | our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 28,
2026; |
| ● | the description of our Common Shares
 contained in our Form
 8-A (File No. 001-34661), originally filed with the SEC on March 16, 2010, and any amendment
 or report filed for the purpose of updating such description, including the description set
 forth in Exhibit 2.1 to our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022; and |
| ● | our reports of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished on February
 4, 2026, February
 24, 2026 and May 28, 2026 . |
We also incorporate by reference
in this prospectus all subsequent annual reports filed with the SEC on Form 20-F under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “
Exchange Act
”), and those of our reports on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC that we specifically identify as being
incorporated by reference in this prospectus after the date hereof and prior to the completion of an offering of securities under this
prospectus.
As you read the above documents,
this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, you may find inconsistencies in information from one document to another. If you find inconsistencies
you should rely on the statements made in the most recent document, including this prospectus and any prospectus supplement. All information
appearing in this prospectus is qualified in its entirety by the information and financial statements, including the notes thereto, contained
in the documents we have incorporated by reference.
When acquiring any securities
discussed in this prospectus, you should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement and any “free writing prospectus” that we authorize to be delivered to you. Neither we, the selling shareholders,
nor any underwriters or agents have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not offering the securities in
any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified
to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation.
You should not assume that
the information in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference is accurate or complete at any
date other than the date mentioned on the cover page of those documents.
2
CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This prospectus and the information
incorporated by reference herein contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of future events,
all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events.
You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many (but
not all) of these statements by the use of words such as “approximates,” “believes,” “hopes,” “expects,”
“anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “will,”
“would,” “should,” “could,” “may” or other similar expressions in this annual report.
These statements are likely to address our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs. You must carefully
consider any such statements and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements.
These factors may include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and
some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:
| ● | future financial and operating results, including revenues, income, expenditures, cash balances and other
financial items; |
| ● | our ability to execute our growth and expansion, or manage our contraction, including our ability to meet
our goals; |
| ● | current and future economic and political conditions; |
| ● | our ability to compete in an industry with low barriers to entry; |
| ● | our capital requirements and our ability to raise any additional financing which we may require; |
| ● | our ability to attract customers, and further enhance our brand recognition; |
| ● | our ability to hire and retain qualified management personnel and key employees in order to enable us
to develop our business; |
| ● | trends and competition in the e-commerce industry; |
| ● | general macroeconomic factors that have affected and may continue to affect our business and financial
condition, including changing interest rates and inflation; and |
| ● | other assumptions described in this annual report underlying or relating to any forward-looking statements. |
We describe material risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that could affect our business, including our financial condition and results of operations, under “
Risk
Factors
.” We base our forward-looking statements on our management’s beliefs and assumptions based on information available
to our management at the time the statements are made. We caution you that actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ
materially from what is expressed, implied or forecast by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should be careful about relying
on any forward-looking statements. Except as required under the federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this annual report, whether as a result of new information,
future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise.
3
ENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN
CIVIL LIABILITIES
We are incorporated under
the laws of the British Virgin Islands as a company with limited liability. We believe there are certain benefits associated with being
a British Virgin Islands corporation, such as political and economic stability, an effective judicial system, a favorable tax system,
the absence of foreign exchange control or currency restrictions and the availability of professional and support services. However, the
British Virgin Islands have a less developed body of securities laws that provides significantly less protection to investors as compared
to the securities laws of the United States. In addition, British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal
courts of the United States.
There is uncertainty as
to whether the courts of the British Virgin Islands would (i) recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against the Company
or its directors or officers, predicated upon civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the
United States, or (ii) entertain original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands against the Company or its directors or officers,
predicated upon civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.
Although there is no statutory
enforcement in the British Virgin Islands of final and conclusive monetary judgments obtained in a competent federal or state court of
the United States for a definite sum (and the British Virgin Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement or
recognition of such judgments), we have been advised that the courts of the British Virgin Islands would recognize as a valid judgment,
a final and conclusive judgment 
in personam
 obtained in a competent federal or state court of the United States of America against
the Company under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges
of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper
jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment; (b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the British
Virgin Islands; (c) such judgment was not obtained by fraud; (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy
of the British Virgin Islands; (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment
by the courts of the British Virgin Islands; and (f) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands. However, the British Virgin Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained from the U.S. courts under civil
liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the British Virgin Islands to
give rise to obligations to make payments that are penal or punitive in nature.
We have appointed Cogency
Global Inc. as agent in New York, New York, to accept service of process in the U.S. in connection with any investigation or administrative
proceeding conducted by the Commission, and any civil suit or action brought against or involving us in a U.S. court arising out of or
relating to or concerning an offering of securities under this prospectus.
4
THE
COMPANY
We are an electronics-focused e-retailer that offers customers a comprehensive
selection of the latest consumer electronics products, detailed product descriptions and images, “how-to” information, and
customer reviews via our websites. We offer brands and sellers a wide range of options to sell through our platform, as well as services
that we offer to help make their online businesses more efficient and effective. Our Direct offering allows brands to sell directly to
us and we manage the inventory and transaction directly with our consumers. Our Marketplace offering allows brands to leverage our platform,
buyer audience and e-commerce solutions in order to generate sales on the Newegg platform.
Our corporate headquarters
is located at 21688 Gateway Center Drive, Suite 300, Diamond Bar, CA 91765. The telephone number of our corporate headquarters is +1 (626)
271-9700. Our registered office is located at the offices of Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110,
British Virgin Islands.
Our Common Shares are publicly
traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “NEGG”.
We also maintain web sites
at www.newegg.com, www.neweggbusiness.com, and www.newegg.ca. The information contained on our websites or available through our websites
is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered a part of this prospectus, and the reference to our websites in this
prospectus is an inactive textual reference only.
Implications of Being a Foreign
Private Issuer
We are a non-U.S. company
with foreign private issuer status. As long as we continue to qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we will be exempt
from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies, including:
| ● | the rules under the Exchange Act requiring domestic filers to issue financial statements prepared under
U.S. GAAP; |
| ● | the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations in
respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act; |
| ● | provisions of Regulation FD aimed at preventing issuers from making selective disclosures of material
information; |
| ● | the sections of the Exchange Act requiring principal shareholders to
file public reports of their share ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short
period of time; and |
| ● | the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q containing
unaudited financial statements and other specified information, and current reports on Form 8-K upon the occurrence of specified significant
events. |
Notwithstanding these exemptions,
we will file with the SEC, within four months after the end of each fiscal year, or such applicable time as required by the SEC, an annual
report on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent registered public accounting firm. 
Because we are a foreign
private issuer, members of our board of directors and executive officers are not subject to short-swing profit and insider trading reporting
obligations under Section 16(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act. They will, however, be subject to the obligations under Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act, including the requirement to file public reports regarding their share ownership and trading activities on Forms 3,
4, and 5, as well as the reporting requirements relating changes in share ownership under section 13 of the Exchange Act and related SEC
rules.
We may take advantage of
these exemptions until such time as we are no longer a foreign private issuer. We would cease to be a foreign private issuer at such time
as more than 50% of our outstanding voting securities are held by U.S. residents and any of the following three circumstances applies:
(i) the majority of our executive officers or directors are U.S. citizens or residents; (ii) more than 50% of our assets are located in
the United States; or (iii) our business is administered principally in the United States.
 Both foreign private
issuers and emerging growth companies also are exempt from certain more stringent executive compensation disclosure rules. Thus, even
if we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, but remain a foreign private issuer, we will continue to be exempt from the more
stringent compensation disclosures required of companies that are neither an emerging growth company nor a foreign private issuer.
5
RISK
FACTORS
Investment in any securities
offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors
incorporated by reference from our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and all other information contained or incorporated by reference
into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained
in the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus before acquiring any of such securities. The occurrence
of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities.
USE
OF PROCEEDS
Except as may be described
otherwise in a prospectus supplement, we will use the net proceeds from our sale of the securities under this prospectus for general corporate
purposes. We may designate a specific allocation of the net proceeds of an offering of securities by us to a specific purpose, if any,
at the time of the offering and will describe any allocation in the related prospectus supplement.
We will not receive any
of the proceeds from the sale of Common Shares being offered by the selling shareholders. Each selling shareholder will pay any underwriting
fees, discounts and selling commissions incurred by such selling shareholder in disposing of its Common Shares.
6
PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT
This prospectus provides
you with a general description of the securities that may be offered. With respect to a particular offering of the securities registered
hereby, to the extent required, an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part will be prepared. You should read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement and
the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, together with additional information described
under the heading “
Where You Can Find More Information
” carefully before investing in the securities. The prospectus
supplement to be attached to this prospectus will describe the terms of the offering, including the amount and more detailed items of
the securities, the initial public offering price, the price paid for the securities, net proceeds, the expenses of the offering, the
terms of offers and sales outside of the United States, if any, our capitalization, the nature of the plan of distribution, the terms
of any rights offering, including the subscription price for Common Shares, record date, ex-rights date and exercise period, the other
specific terms related to the offering, and any U.S. federal income tax considerations and British Virgin Islands tax considerations
applicable to the securities. Any information in a prospectus supplement, if any, or information incorporated by reference after the
date of this prospectus is considered part of this prospectus and may add, update or change information contained in this prospectus.
Any information in such subsequent filings that is inconsistent with this prospectus will supersede the information in this prospectus.
Neither we nor the selling
shareholders have authorized anyone to provide any information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus.
Neither we nor the selling shareholders take any responsibility for and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information
that others may give you. Neither we nor the selling shareholders have authorized any other person to provide you with different information.
Neither we nor the selling shareholders are making an offer to sell the securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the front cover of this
prospectus. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date.
Newegg Commerce, Inc. is
a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. We publish our financial statements in United States dollars.
DESCRIPTION OF COMMON SHARES
For a description of our Common Shares, including the rights and obligations
attached thereto, please refer to Exhibit 2.1 to our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated by reference
herein.
DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS AND UNITS
We will set forth in the
applicable prospectus supplement a description of any warrants or units that may be offered pursuant to this prospectus.
7
SELLING
SHAREHOLDERS
The selling shareholders
listed below and their permitted transferees, pledgees or other successors may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the Common
Shares set forth below pursuant to this prospectus. When we refer to the “selling shareholder” in this prospectus, we refer
to the persons listed in the table below, and the pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees, successors and other permitted transferees
that hold any of that selling shareholder’s interest in the Common Shares after the date of this prospectus.
We cannot advise you as
to whether the selling shareholders will in fact sell any or all of such Common Shares. In particular, the selling shareholders identified
below may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of all or a portion of their securities after the date on which they provided us
with information regarding their securities. Any changed or new information given to us by the selling shareholders, including regarding
the identity of, and the securities held by, the selling shareholders, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement or amendments to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, if and when necessary.
The following table sets forth certain information as of May 26, 2026
concerning the Common Shares that may be offered from time to time by the selling shareholders with this prospectus. As of May 26, 2026,
Newegg had 20,973,423 Common Shares outstanding. The selling shareholders may sell all, some or none of such securities in this offering.
See “
Plan of Distribution
.”
Beneficial ownership is
determined in accordance with SEC rules. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose.
In general, under these rules a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares voting power or investment power with respect to such security. A
person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security
within 60 days. To our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named
in the table have shared voting and investment power with respect to all Common Shares beneficially owned by that person.
| Name and Address of Selling Shareholders | Number of Common Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | Number of Common Shares Being Offered | Number of Common Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offered Common Shares are Sold | Percentage of Common Shares Beneficially Owned After the Common Shares are Sold |
| Digital Grid (Hong Kong) Technology Co., Limited (1) | 11,141,079 | 4,000,000 | 7,141,079 | 34.1 | % |
| Tekhill USA, LLC (2) | 3,156,646 | 1,500,000 | 1,656,646 | 7.9 | % |
| Vladimir Galkin (3) | 4,392,812 | 1,500,000 | 2,892,812 | 13.8 | % |
| (1) | Digital Grid (Hong Kong) Technology Co., Limited (“ Digital
Grid ”), is a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong. Its business address is Room 1003, 10/F, Tower
1, Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong. Digital Grid is a subsidiary of Hangzhou Lianluo Interactive Information Technology
Co., Ltd. (“ Hangzhou Lianluo ”), a company organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China, and of
which Zhitao He, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, is a controlling shareholder. Hangzhou Lianluo holds warrants to
purchase 6,250 Common Shares at an exercise price of $352.00 per share. Plus, Hyperfinite Galaxy Holding Limited, a company solely owned
by Mr. He, holds 2,946 Common Shares. Mr. He holds vested stock options exercisable for 684,869 Common Shares at an exercise price of
$10.95 per share. All of those persons are affiliated with each other and under the control of Mr. Zhitao He. Certain information provided
in this footnote is derived from a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Hangzhou Lianluo, Digital Grid, Hyperfinite and Mr. He on August
11, 2025 and Form 3 filed with the SEC by Mr. He on March 31, 2026. |
Pursuant to our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (“
Articles
”), Digital Grid may appoint and replace up to four directors to our
Board of Directors depending on the Common Shares or other Equity Interests (as defined in the Articles) held by Digital Grid or its affiliates.
The Common Shares
owned by Digital Grid have been pledged to the Bank of China (“
BOC
”) as collateral to support working capital loans
and letters of credit provided by BOC to Digital Grid, Hangzhou Lianluo and certain affiliates (other than Newegg). The loans have been
guaranteed jointly and severally by Beijing Digital Grid Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hangzhou Lianluo and the
sole parent company of Digital Grid, and by Mr. Zhitao He. In May 2020, BOC filed several lawsuits against Hangzhou Lianluo, Digital
Grid, Beijing Digital Grid Technology Co., Ltd. and Mr. Zhitao He in the Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court in China alleging
that the defendants had failed to repay the loans when due and were in breach of the loan agreements. The court has ruled that the loans
are in default in a final, non-appealable judgment. The estimated total amount owed under these loans as of March 31, 2026 was principal
of RMB 331,000,000 in RMB denominated loans, plus principal of $146,900,000 in U.S. dollar loans. Digital Grid intends to use all or
a portion of the proceeds received from this offering to repay and discharge these loans.
8
In addition, on April 11, 2023, the Industrial and Commercial Bank
of China (“
ICBC
”) filed a lawsuit against Hangzhou Lianluo in the Hangzhou Court alleging that Hangzhou Lianluo failed
to repay when due three separate loans, provided by ICBC to Hangzhou Lianluo, and was in breach of the related loan agreements. Hangzhou
Lianluo has informed us that the estimated total amount owed under the loans, including interest, fees, expenses and penalties, as of
March 31, 2026, was approximately RMB 660,000,000. Hangzhou Lianluo did not pledge any Newegg Common Shares owned by it or Digital Grid
as collateral to support the ICBC loans. On February 26, 2024, the Hangzhou Court ruled that Hangzhou Lianluo owed ICBC RMB 332,000,000
(including interest) under one of such loans.
On March 20, 2026, Hangzhou Lianluo announced that China Merchants
Bank (“
CMB
”) has filed a bankruptcy liquidation petition against Hangzhou Lianluo in the Hangzhou Court on the grounds
that Hangzhou Lianluo has failed to repay its outstanding loans. Hangzhou Lianluo has informed us that the total amount owed under these
loans, including principal, interest, fees, expenses and penalties, as of March 31, 2026, was RMB 185,300,000. Hangzhou Lianluo did not
pledge any Newegg Common Shares owned by it or Digital Grid as collateral to support the CMB loans.
| (2) | Tekhill
USA, LLC (“ Tekhill ”), is a limited liability company organized under the laws of California. Its business address
is 17560 Rowland St., City of Industry, CA 91748. Fred Chang, who serves on our Board of Directors, is the sole member and manager of
Tekhill. Mr. Chang also holds 407,927 Common Shares and vested stock options exercisable for 397,236 Common Shares at an exercise price
of $23.72 per share. Furthermore, Nabal Spring, LLC (“ Nabal ”), of which Mr. Chang is the sole member and manager,
holds 450,000 Common Shares. Certain information provided in this footnote is derived from a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Mr.
Chang, Tekhill and Nabal on March 31, 2026 and a Form 4 filed with the SEC by Mr. Chang on May 28, 2026. |
In March 2022, Fred Chang entered into a loan with East West Bank, pursuant to which Tekhill pledged certain
Common Shares as collateral to East West Bank to secure a loan from East West Bank to Fred Chang with a principal amount of $15.0 million.
As a result of certain defaults under the loan with East West Bank, beginning in June 2025, East West Bank began to complete foreclosure
sales with respect to these pledged shares. During the period between June 23, 2025 and September 4, 2025, East West Bank completed foreclosure
sales of a total of 762,408 Common Shares held by Tekhill and sold these shares on the open market and the total principal, interest,
fees and penalties owed by Tekhill under the East West Bank loan agreement was fully paid-off on September 10, 2025. The East West loan
agreement was terminated and East West Bank no longer has any security interest in the shares.
Fred Chang is the “Minority Representative”
under our Articles, which gives him the power to appoint and replace up to two members of our Board of Directors, of each of our subsidiaries,
and of each committee of any such board. On November 21, 2025, Mr. Chang, in his capacity as the Minority Representative, appointed himself
to the Company’s Board of Directors and designated himself as the Primary Minority Board Appointee pursuant to the Articles.
| (3) | Mr. Galkin’s mailing address is 10900 NW 97 th Street, #102, Miami, FL, 33178. The Common Shares are held jointly by Vladimir Galkin and Angelica Galkin, husband and wife. Based on information from a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Mr. Galkin on February 9, 2026. |
Mr. Galkin nominated Brian Burns, Jr. to serve on our Board of Directors
and, on February 2, 2026, Mr. Burns was appointed to the Board of Directors. Procedurally, Mr. Burns is one of four Board appointees that
Digital Grid is entitled to make to the Board of Directors pursuant to Article 8.1(ii) of the Company’s Articles.
Shareholders Agreement
We are party to an amended and restated shareholders agreement, dated
as of May 19, 2021, and amended on March 22, 2022, August 1, 2022 and August 13, 2025 (the “
Shareholders Agreement
”),
with Digital Grid, Mr. Fred Chang and certain other shareholders (the “
Principal Shareholders
”). Under the Shareholders
Agreement, the Principal Shareholders have pre-emptive rights to acquire additional shares when the Company issues or sells additional
securities in the future, except for “excluded issuances” as defined in the Shareholders Agreement or Common Shares offered
pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC. In addition, the Company and the Principal Shareholders also have rights of first
refusal over certain transfers of the Common Shares by the Principal Shareholders, pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement and subject
to compliance with applicable laws and Nasdaq’s Listing Rules.
9
PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION
We or the selling shareholders
may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, directly or through agents in one or more transactions,
including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or prices, which may be changed, or at market prices prevailing at
the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. The consideration may be cash or another form
negotiated by the parties. The securities may be sold in portions outside the United States at an offering price and on terms specified
in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular issue of the securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
any one or more of the following methods may be used when selling the securities:
| ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; |
| |
| ● | block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; |
| |
| ● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; |
| |
| ● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; |
| |
| ● | privately negotiated transactions; |
| |
| ● | settlement of short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus; |
| |
| ● | sales in which broker-dealers agree with us or a selling securityholder to sell a specified number of securities at a stipulated price per security; |
| |
| ● | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; |
| |
| ● | by pledge to secure debts or other obligations; |
| |
| ● | by an underwritten public offering; |
| |
| ● | in a combination of any of the above; or |
| |
| ● | any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. |
In addition, the securities
may be sold by way of exercise of rights granted pro rata to our existing shareholders.
The securities may also
be sold short and securities covered by this prospectus may be delivered to close out such short positions, or the securities may be loaned
or pledged to broker-dealers that in turn may sell them. Options, swaps, derivatives or other transactions may be entered into with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of the securities and
Common Shares, respectively, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus
(as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).
We may also sell securities
covered by this registration statement in an “at-the-market offering” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Such
offering may be made into an existing trading market for such securities in transactions at other than a fixed price, either:
| ● | on or through the facilities of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“ Nasdaq ”), or any
 other securities exchange or quotation or trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of
 sale; and/or |
| ● | other than on Nasdaq or such other securities exchanges or quotation or trading services. |
Such at-the-market offerings, if any, may be
conducted by underwriters acting as principal or agent.
10
Any underwriters or agents
will be identified and their compensation described in the applicable prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus authorized
for use in connection with an offering. To the extent required, the name of the dealer and the terms of the transactions will be set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus authorized for use in connection with an offering. Any public
offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time.
Each time that we or the
selling shareholders sell securities covered by this prospectus, we or the selling shareholders will provide a prospectus supplement or
supplements that will describe the method of distribution and set forth the terms and conditions of the offering of such securities, including
the offering price of the securities and the proceeds to us or the selling shareholders, if applicable.
In connection with the sale
of securities, the underwriters or agents may receive compensation from us, the selling shareholders or from purchasers of the securities
for whom they may act as agents. The underwriters may sell securities to or through dealers, who may also receive compensation from the
underwriters or from purchasers of the securities for whom they may act as agents. Compensation may be in the form of discounts, concessions
or commissions. Underwriters, dealers and agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters
as defined in the Securities Act, and any discounts or commissions received by them from us or the selling shareholders and any profit
on the resale of the securities by them may be treated as underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act.
We or the selling shareholders
may directly solicit offers to purchase the securities and may make sales of securities directly to institutional investors or others.
These persons may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any resale of the securities.
To the extent required, the applicable prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus authorized for use in connection with an
offering will describe the terms of any such sales, including the terms of any bidding or auction process, if used.
We or the selling shareholders
may enter into agreements that will entitle the underwriters, dealers and agents to indemnification by us or the selling shareholders
against and contribution toward certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Certain underwriters, dealers
and agents and their associates may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform commercial banking, investment banking, advisory
or other services for the selling shareholders or us, including our subsidiaries, in the ordinary course of their business.
If so indicated in the applicable
prospectus supplement relating to a particular issue of securities, the underwriters, dealers or agents will be authorized to solicit
offers by certain institutions to purchase the securities under delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery at a future
date. These contracts will be subject only to those conditions set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, and the prospectus supplement
will set forth the commission payable for solicitation of these contracts.
We will advise the selling shareholders that while they are engaged
in a distribution of the securities, they are required to comply with Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act (“
Regulation
M
”). With limited exceptions, Regulation M precludes the selling shareholders, any affiliated purchasers and any broker-dealer
or other person who participates in the distribution from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or
purchase, any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. All of the foregoing might
affect the marketability of the securities.
LEGAL
MATTERS
Certain legal matters with
respect to British Virgin Islands law will be passed upon for us by Conyers Dill & Pearman. Jones Day may rely upon Conyers Dill &
Pearman with respect to matters governed by British Virgin Islands law. Certain legal matters with respect to United States and New York
law will be passed upon for us by Jones Day.
EXPERTS
The
consolidated financial statements of Newegg Commerce, Inc. as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2025 incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and in the Registration Statement have been so incorporated in reliance
on the report of BDO USA, P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing
and accounting. 
11
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 8. Indemnification of Directors and Officers
British Virgin Islands law
does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers
and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the British Virgin Islands courts to be contrary to public policy,
such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association permit indemnification of officers and directors against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings,
provided that such person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of criminal
proceedings, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful.
Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement,
as amended (the “
Shareholders Agreement
”), for the Company, all directors of the Company and the directors or managers
of each of its subsidiaries shall not be liable for, and shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against any losses, liabilities
and reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from proceedings in which such indemnitee may be involved,
as a party or otherwise, by reason of he or she being such a director of the Company or director or manager of any subsidiary thereof,
or by reason of his or her involvement in the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries, whether or not he or she continues
to be such at the time any such loss is paid or incurred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an indemnitee shall not be held harmless or indemnified
under Shareholders Agreement for such losses, liabilities and expenses arising out of the fraud, dishonesty, intentional misconduct, or
knowing or reckless breach of the indemnitee’s obligations under the Shareholders Agreement, or the bad faith of such indemnitee.
In addition, the indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification by the Company against reasonable expenses as incurred by the indemnitee
in connection with the defense of any action to which the indemnitee may be made a party (without regard to the success of such defense),
to the fullest extent permitted under the provisions of applicable law.
Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling us under the foregoing
provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable.
Item 9. Exhibits
The following exhibits are
incorporated by reference into this registration statement or are filed herewith and made a part hereof:
| Exhibit No. | Name of Document | Method of Filing |
| 1.1 | Form of underwriting agreement for equity securities of the Company | * |
| 3.1 | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Report on Form 6-K, filed April 7, 2025. |
| 4.1 | Amended and Restated Newegg Inc. Shareholders Agreement | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form F-1/A, filed December 10, 2021. |
| 4.2 | First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Newegg Inc. Shareholders Agreement | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Report on Form 6-K filed on April 28, 2022. |
| 4.3 | Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Newegg Inc. Shareholders Agreement | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company’s Report on Form 6-K filed on September 2, 2022. |
| 4.4 | Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Newegg Inc. Shareholders Agreement | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Report on Form 6-K filed on August 15, 2025. |
| 4.5 | Form of Warrant | * |
| 4.6 | Description of Securities | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Annual
Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-34661) filed on April 28, 2022. |
| 5.1 | Opinion of Conyers, Dill & Pearman, British Virgin Islands counsel, relating to the base prospectus | Filed herewith. |
| 5.2 | Opinion of Jones Day, U.S. counsel, relating to the base prospectus | Filed herewith. |
| 23.1 | Consent of BDO USA, P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | Filed herewith. |
| 23.2 | Consent of Conyers, Dill & Pearman | Included in Exhibit 5.1. |
| 23.3 | Consent of Jones Day | Included in Exhibit 5.2. |
| 24.1 | Power of Attorney | Included in signature page of this registration statement. |
| 107 | Filing Fee Table. | Filed herewith. |
| * | To be filed by amendment or incorporated herein by reference to a subsequently furnished Report on Form
6-K. |
II-
1
Item 10. Undertakings
(a) The undersigned registrant
hereby undertakes:(1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made of securities registered hereby, a post-effective
amendment to this registration statement: 
(A) To include any prospectus
required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;
(B) To reflect in
the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment
thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total U.S. dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume
and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and
(C) To include
any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material
change to such information in the registration statement; 
provided
, 
however
, that: paragraphs (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B) and (a)(1)(C)
of this section do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained
in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to
Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement.
(2) That, for the purpose
of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof.
(3) To remove from registration
by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
(4) To file a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement to include any financial statements required by Item 8.A. of Form 20-F at the start of any delayed
offering or throughout a continuous offering. Financial statements and information otherwise required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities
Act need not be furnished, provided, that the registrant includes in the prospectus, by means of a post-effective amendment, financial
statements required pursuant to this paragraph (a)(4) and other information necessary to ensure that all other information in the prospectus
is at least as current as the date of those financial statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to registration statements
on Form F-3, a post-effective amendment need not be filed to include financial statements and information required by Section 10(a)(3)
of the Securities Act or Item 8.A. of Form 20-F if such financial statements and information are contained in periodic reports filed with
or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are
incorporated by reference in the Form F-3.
II-
2
(5) That, for the purpose
of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser:
(A) Each prospectus
filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus
was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and
(B) Each prospectus
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating
to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a)
of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form
of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the
prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date
shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which
that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made
in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that
was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately
prior to such effective date.
(6) That, for the purpose
of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the
undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration
statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to
such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will
be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:
(A) Any preliminary
prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
(B) Any free writing
prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
(C) The portion
of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its
securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
(D) Any other communication
that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.
| (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the
Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where
applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) that
is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. |
| (c) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors,
officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised
that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding)
is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless
in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. |
II-
3
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant
certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form F-3 and has duly caused this
registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Diamond Bar, State of
California, on May 29, 2026.
| NEWEGG COMMERCE, INC. |
| |
| By: | /s/ Anthony Chow |
| Name: | Anthony Chow |
| Title: | Chief Executive Officer |
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Anthony Chow and Christina Ching, and each of them, the
true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for and in the name,
place and stead of the undersigned, to sign in any and all capacities (including, without limitation, the capacities listed below), the
registration statement, any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to the registration statement and any and all successor
registration statements of the registrant, including any filings pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and hereby grants to such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and anything necessary to be done to enable the registrant to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and all the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute, or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.
| Signature | Title | Date |
| |
| /s/ Anthony Chow | Chief Executive Officer and Director | May 27, 2026 |
| Anthony Chow | (Principal Executive Officer) |
| |
| /s/ Christina Ching | Chief Financial Officer (Principal | May 28, 2026 |
| Christina Ching | Financial and Accounting Officer) |
| |
| /s/ Zhitao He | Chairman | May 29, 2026 |
| Zhitao He |
| |
| /s/ Fred Faching Chang | Director | May 29, 2026 |
| Fred Faching Chang |
| |
| /s/ Brian Burns, Jr. | Director | May 28, 2026 |
| Brian Burns, Jr. |
| |
| /s/ Fuya Zheng | Director | May 28, 2026 |
| Fuya Zheng |
| |
| /s/ Poi Wu | Director | May 29, 2026 |
| Poi Wu |
| |
| /s/ Richard Weil | Director | May 28, 2026 |
| Richard Weil |
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE IN
THE UNITED STATES
Pursuant to the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the undersigned, the duly authorized representative in the United States of America, has signed this registration
statement thereto in the City of Diamond Bar, State of California, on May 29, 2026.
| COGENCY GLOBAL INC. |
| |
| By: | /s/ Colleen A. De Vries |
| Name: | Colleen A. De Vries |
| Title: | Senior Vice President |
