 Williams-Sonoma Will Pay Record $3.17 Million Civil Penalty for Violating FTC Made in USA Order | Federal Trade Commission Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Español Report Fraud Submit Public Comments Search the Legal Library Menu Main Menu Mega Show/hide Enforcement menu items Enforcement We enforce federal competition and consumer protection laws that prevent anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair business practices. View Enforcement Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Horseracing Integrity and Safety Authority (HISA) Oversight Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Take action Submit Merger/Antitrust Comment File adjudicative documents Find banned debt collectors View competition guidance Competition Matters Blog Competition Matters How Loyalty Discounts Between Firms Harm Competition When There Are Network Effects: FTC v. Surescripts Matthew Chesnes (DAD, BE Antitrust I) and Ted Rosenbaum (Acting BE Director) February 13, 2026 View all Competition Matters Blog posts Show/hide Policy menu items Policy We work to advance government policies that protect consumers and promote competition. View Policy Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Office of Technology Blog Take action Find policy statements Submit a public comment Technology Blog Technology Blog The FTC Is on the Front Lines of Tech Innovation & Regulation Stephanie T. Nguyen, Chief Technologist January 17, 2025 View all Technology Blog posts Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Advice and Guidance Learn more about your rights as a consumer and how to spot and avoid scams. Find the resources you need to understand how consumer protection law impacts your business. Take action Report fraud Report identity theft Report Take It Down violations Register for Do Not Call Sign up for consumer alerts Get Business Blog updates Get your free credit report Find refund cases Order bulk publications Consumer Advice Shopping and Donating Credit, Loans, and Debt Jobs and Making Money Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts Identity Theft and Online Security Scams Business Guidance Advertising and Marketing Credit and Finance Privacy and Security By Industry Search the RN database For Small Businesses Browse Business Guidance Resources Business Blog Servicemembers: Your tool for financial readiness Visit militaryconsumer.gov Get consumer protection basics, plain and simple Visit consumer.gov Learn how the FTC protects free enterprise and consumers Visit Competition Counts Looking for competition guidance? Competition Guidance Show/hide News and Events menu items News and Events Latest News Press Release FTC Approves Publication of Federal Register Notices Revising the Commission’s Rules of Practice September 24, 2026 View News and Events Upcoming Event Sep 29 Consumer Protection and Older Adults Roundtable: Healthcare-related Scams Before, During, and After Open Enrollment Season Tuesday, September 29, 2026 | 1:00PM - 2:00PM View more Events Sections News Events Features Topics Contests Stay Connected Data Spotlight Explore Data Social Media Sign up for the latest news Follow us on social media Feature Celebrating 250 Years of Independence This year, the United States celebrates 250 years of independence. Learn more about our agency's history and commemoration events happening across the nation. Latest Data Visualization FTC Refunds to Consumers Explore refund statistics including where refunds were sent and the dollar amounts refunded with this visualization. Show/hide About the FTC menu items About the FTC The FTC’s mission is to vigorously enforce the law to protect Americans from anticompetitive, unfair, and deceptive business practices, without unduly burdening legitimate business activity. Learn more about the FTC Sections Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Featured Meet the Chairman Andrew N. Ferguson is Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission. Chairman Andrew N. Ferguson Search Show/hide Search menu items Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. English español Report Fraud Submit Public Comments Search the Legal Library Enforcement Show/hide Enforcement menu items Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Horseracing Integrity and Safety Authority (HISA) Oversight Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Show/hide Policy menu items Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Office of Technology Blog Advice and Guidance Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events Show/hide News and Events menu items News Events Features Topics Contests Stay Connected Data Spotlight Explore Data Social Media About the FTC Show/hide About the FTC menu items Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. Breadcrumb Home News and Events News Press Releases For Release Williams-Sonoma Will Pay Record $3.17 Million Civil Penalty for Violating FTC Made in USA Order Company violated 2020 order by advertising multiple foreign-made products as “Made in USA” April 26, 2024 Tags: Consumer Protection Bureau of Consumer Protection deceptive/misleading conduct Retail Merchandise & Clothing Advertising and Marketing Made in USA Home products company Williams-Sonoma will be required to pay a record civil penalty of $3.175 million for violating a 2020 Federal Trade Commission order requiring the retailer to tell the truth about whether the products it sells are Made in USA. In a complaint filed by the Department of Justice upon notification and referral from the FTC, the agency charges that Williams-Sonoma listed multiple products for sale as being “Made in USA” when in fact they were made in China and other countries. The company has agreed to a settlement that requires them to pay the civil penalty, which is the largest ever in a Made in USA case. “Williams-Sonoma claimed its products were made in the United States even though they were made in China,” said FTC Chair Lina M. Khan. “Williams-Sonoma’s deception misled consumers and harmed honest American businesses. Today’s record-setting civil penalty makes clear that firms committing Made-in-USA fraud will not get a free pass.” The FTC sued Williams-Sonoma in 2020, charging that the company advertised multiple product lines under its Goldtouch, Rejuvenation, Pottery Barn Teen and Pottery Barn Kids brands as being all or virtually all made in the USA when they were not. The company agreed to an FTC order that required them to stop their deceptive claims and follow Made in USA requirements. The current complaint notes that the FTC became aware that the company was marketing mattress pads under its PBTeen brand as “Crafted in America from domestic and imported materials” when it was actually made in China. The FTC then investigated six other products the company advertised as Made in USA and found those claims were also deceptive in violation of the 2020 order. In addition to the civil penalty, the federal court settlement also requires Williams-Sonoma to submit annual compliance certifications, and imposes a number of requirements about the claims the company makes, reinforcing requirements from the 2020 FTC order: Restriction on unqualified claims: Williams-Sonoma will be prohibited from making unqualified U.S.-origin claims for any product, unless it can show that the product’s final assembly or processing—and all significant processing—takes place in the U.S., and that all or virtually all ingredients or components of the product are made and sourced in them U.S. Requirement for qualified claims: The company is required to include in any qualified Made in USA claims a clear and conspicuous disclosure about the extent to which the product contains foreign parts, ingredients or components, or processing. Requirement for assembly claims: The company must also ensure, when claiming a product is assembled in the U.S., that it is last substantially transformed in the U.S., its principal assembly takes place in the U.S., and U.S. assembly operations are substantial. The FTC is committed to ensuring that “Made in USA” claims are truthful. The FTC’s Enforcement Policy Statement on U.S. Origin Claims provides guidance on making non-deceptive “Made in USA” claims. In addition, the FTC’s Made in USA Labeling Rule went into effect on Aug. 13, 2021. Companies that violate the Rule from that date forward may be subject to civil penalties. The Commission vote to authorize the staff to refer the complaint to the DOJ and to approve the proposed consent decree was 3-0. Commissioner Rebecca Kelly Slaughter issued a statement , joined by Chair Lina M. Khan and Commissioner Alvaro M. Bedoya. The DOJ filed the complaint and proposed consent decree in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The FTC thanks Truth In Advertising.org for their assistance in this matter. NOTE: The Commission authorizes the filing of a complaint when it has “reason to believe” that the named defendants are violating or are about to violate the law and it appears to the Commission that a proceeding is in the public interest. Consent decrees have the force of law when approved and signed by the District Court judge. The lead staff attorney on this matter was Julia Solomon Ensor in the Bureau of Consumer Protection. The Federal Trade Commission works to promote competition and protect and educate consumers . The FTC will never demand money, make threats, tell you to transfer money, or promise you a prize. Learn more about consumer topics at consumer.ftc.gov , or report fraud, scams, and bad business practices at ReportFraud.ftc.gov . Follow the FTC on social media , read consumer alerts and the business blog , and sign up to get the latest FTC news and alerts . Contact Information Contact for Consumers FTC Consumer Response Center 877-382-4357 https://reportfraud.ftc.gov Media Contact Jay Mayfield Office of Public Affairs 202-326-2180 Related Cases Williams Sonoma Related actions Made in USA Rule Statement of Commissioner Rebecca Kelly Slaughter Joined by Chair Lina M. Khan and Commissioner Alvaro M. Bedoya Regarding United States v. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. For Businesses Made in USA Topics Protecting Consumers Made in USA Return to top Menu Secondary Menu Report Fraud Submit Public Comments Search the Legal Library Main navigation Enforcement Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Horseracing Integrity and Safety Authority (HISA) Oversight Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Office of Technology Blog Advice and Guidance Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events News Events Features Topics Contests Stay Connected Data Spotlight Explore Data Social Media About the FTC Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Footer Privacy Policy Policy and Notices Accessibility FOIA No FEAR Act Office of Inspector General USA.gov 