6-K
1
d507968d6k.htm
FORM 6-K
FORM 6-K
Table of Contents
No.1-7628
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 6-K
REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
FOR THE MONTH OF MARCH 2022
COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-07628
HONDA GIKEN KOGYO KABUSHIKI KAISHA
(Name of registrant)
HONDA
MOTOR CO., LTD.
(Translation of registrant’s name into English)
1-1, Minami-Aoyama 2-chome,
Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8556, Japan
(Address of principal
executive offices)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form
20-F or Form 40-F:
Form
20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ☐
Table of Contents
Contents
Exhibit 1:
Honda Motor
Co., Ltd. announces signing of memorandum of understanding with Sony Group Corporation for strategic alliance in the mobility field.
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
HONDA GIKEN KOGYO KABUSHIKI KAISHA
(HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD. )
/s/ Masao Kawaguchi
Masao Kawaguchi
General Manager
Finance Division
Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Date: March 4, 2022
Table of Contents
[Translation]
March 4, 2022
To: | Shareholders of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
From: | Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
1-1, Minami-Aoyama 2-chome,
Minato-ku, Tokyo, 107-8556
Toshihiro Mibe
Director,
President and Representative Executive Officer
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. Announces Signing of Memorandum of Understanding with
Sony Group Corporation for Strategic Alliance in the Mobility Field
TOKYO, Japan, March 4, 2022 — Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (“Honda”) today announced that it has signed a memorandum of understanding with Sony Group
Corporation (“Sony”) for a strategic alliance in the field of mobility (the “Memorandum of Understanding”).
1. | Background and Purpose of the Memorandum of Understanding
While the conventional concept of mobility has begun changing dramatically, Honda strives to be the one that takes the initiative in bringing about
transformation and leads the advancements of mobility for the new generation. Today, Honda and Sony agreed to deepen discussion and exploration of forming a strategic alliance (the “Alliance”) that aims to create a new era of mobility and
mobility services. The Alliance aims to bring together Sony’s expertise in the development and application of imaging, sensing, telecommunication, network, and entertainment technologies, with Honda’s mobility development capabilities,
vehicle body manufacturing technology and after-sales service management experience cultivated over many years, to realize a new generation of mobility and mobility services that are closely aligned with users and the environment, and continue to
evolve going forward.
2. | Summary of the Memorandum of Understanding
Honda and Sony intend to establish a joint venture (the “New Company”) through which they plan to engage in the joint development and sales of high value-added battery electric vehicles (EVs) and commercialize them in conjunction with providing mobility services. For further details, please also refer to the attached press release.
3. | Schedule
Going forward, Honda will carry out negotiations with Sony toward executing binding definitive agreements for the Alliance, with a goal of establishing the New
Company within 2022, subject to the execution of the definitive agreements and relevant regulatory approvals. Sales of the first EV model from the New Company are expected to start in 2025.
Table of Contents
4. | Outlook
Definitive agreements for the Alliance are planned to be signed after the final agreement and decision regarding the details of the Alliance. Honda will
disclose any additional material developments in a timely manner.
- End -
Table of Contents
Sony and Honda Sign Memorandum of Understanding for Strategic Alliance in Mobility Field
March 4, 2022, Tokyo, Japan – Sony Group Corporation (“Sony”) and Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (“Honda”) today announced that they have
agreed to deepen discussion and exploration of forming a strategic alliance that aims to create a new era of mobility and mobility services. Specifically, the two companies have signed a memorandum of understanding that outlines their intent to
establish a joint venture (“New Company”) through which they plan to engage in the joint development and sales of high value-added battery electric vehicles (EVs) and commercialize them in conjunction with providing mobility services.
The two companies will proceed with negotiations toward executing various definitive binding agreements, including a joint development agreement and a joint
venture agreement, with a goal of establishing the New Company within 2022, subject to execution of the definitive agreements and relevant regulatory approvals.
This alliance aims to bring together Honda’s mobility development capabilities, vehicle body manufacturing technology and after-sales service management
experience cultivated over many years, with Sony’s expertise in the development and application of imaging, sensing, telecommunication, network, and entertainment technologies, to realize a new generation of mobility and services that are
closely aligned with users and the environment, and continue to evolve going forward.
Sales of the first EV model from the New Company are expected to
start in 2025. The New Company is expected to plan, design, develop, and sell the EVs, but not own and operate manufacturing facilities, so Honda is expected to be responsible for manufacturing the first EV model at its vehicle manufacturing plant.
It is expected that a mobility service platform will be developed by Sony and made available for the New Company.
Comment from Kenichiro Yoshida,
Representative Corporate Executive Officer, Chairman, President and CEO, Sony Group Corporation
“Sony’s Purpose is to ‘fill the world
with emotion through the power of creativity and technology.’ Through this alliance with Honda, which has accumulated extensive global experience and achievements in the automobile industry over many years and continues to make revolutionary
advancements in this field, we intend to build on our vision to ‘make the mobility space an emotional one,’ and contribute to the evolution of mobility centered around safety, entertainment and adaptability.”
Comment from Toshihiro Mibe, Director, President, Representative Executive Officer and CEO, Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
“The New Company will aim to stand at the forefront of innovation, evolution, and expansion of mobility around the world, by taking a broad and ambitious
approach to creating value that exceeds the expectations and imagination of customers. We will do so by leveraging Honda’s cutting-edge technology and know-how in relation to the environment and safety,
while aligning the technological assets of both companies. Although Sony and Honda are companies that share many historical and cultural similarities, our areas of technological expertise are very different. Therefore, I believe this alliance which
brings together the strengths of our two companies offers great possibilities for the future of mobility.”
Media inquiries:
Corporate Communications Department, Sony Group Corporation Sony.Pressroom@sony.co.jp
Corporate Communications Department, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. hondapr@jp.honda