EX-5.4
6
d926233dex54.htm
OPINION OF SULLIVAN & CROMWELL LLP
Opinion of Sullivan &amp; Cromwell LLP
Exhibit 5.4
July 2, 2025
Honda
Motor Co., Ltd.,
No.2-3, Toranomon 2-chome,
Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8404,
Japan.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We are acting as United States counsel to Honda Motor Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with
the issuance and delivery of the $700,000,000 4.436% Senior Notes due 2028, $1,300,000,000 4.688% Senior Notes due 2030 and $1,000,000,000 5.337% Senior Notes due 2035 (the “ Notes ”). The Company filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, on June 20, 2025, a registration statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-288166) (the “ Registration Statement ”) under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “ Act ”) relating to the proposed offer and sale of an indeterminate aggregate initial offering price of the Company’s senior debt securities, including the Notes. The Notes are being issued under the
indenture, dated March 10, 2022 (the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”).
In rendering this opinion, we have examined the following documents:
1. | The Indenture.
2. | Certificates of officers of the Company with respect to the authorization of the Notes, the determination of the terms of the Notes and related matters.
3. | Copies of the executed global certificates representing the Notes dated July 2, 2025 (the “ Global Notes ”).
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. | -2-
We also have examined such corporate records, certificates and other documents, and such
questions of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. Upon the basis of such examination, it is our opinion that the Notes constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and to general equity principles.
In rendering the foregoing opinion, we are not passing upon, and assume no responsibility for, any disclosure in any registration statement or
any related prospectus or other offering material relating to the offer and sale of the Notes.
The foregoing opinion is limited to the
Federal laws of the United States and the laws of the State of New York, and we are expressing no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction. With respect to all matters of Japanese law, we note that you have received an opinion,
dated July 2, 2025, of Mori Hamada & Matsumoto.
We have relied as to certain factual matters on information obtained from
public officials, officers of the Company and other sources believed by us to be responsible, and we have assumed that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee, that the Indenture has been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company under the laws of Japan, that the Trustee’s certificates of authentication of the Global Notes have been manually signed by one of the
Trustee’s authorized officers, that the Notes have been duly authorized, executed and issued under the laws of Japan and have been delivered against payment as contemplated in the Registration Statement, that the Notes constitute valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company under the laws of Japan and that the signatures on all documents examined by us are genuine, assumptions which we have not independently verified.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the references to us under the heading
“Legal Matters” in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement and in the Prospectus Supplement dated June 25, 2025 pertaining to the Notes. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of
persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Sullivan & Cromwell LLP