6-K
1
d936211d6k.htm
FORM 6-K
Form 6-K
No.1-7628
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 6-K
REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
FOR THE MONTH OF APRIL 2025
COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-07628
HONDA GIKEN KOGYO KABUSHIKI KAISHA
(Name of registrant)
HONDA
MOTOR CO., LTD.
(Translation of registrant’s name into English)
1-1, Minami-Aoyama 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8556, Japan
(Address of principal executive offices)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form
20-F or Form 40-F:
Form
20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by
Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ☐
Contents
Exhibit 1:
Notice
Concerning Change (Resignation) in Representative Executive Officer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
HONDA GIKEN KOGYO KABUSHIKI KAISHA
(HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD. )
/s/ Koji Ito
Koji Ito
General Manager
Finance Division
Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Date: April 7, 2025
[Translation]
April 7, 2025
To: | Shareholders of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
From: | Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
1-1, Minami-Aoyama 2-chome,
Minato-ku, Tokyo, 107-8556
Toshihiro Mibe
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
Notice Concerning Change (Resignation) in Representative Executive Officer
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) has accepted the resignation of Director, Executive Vice President and Representative Executive Officer Shinji
Aoyama.
1. | Representative Executive Officers and Directors to change (resign)
Director, Executive Vice President and Representative Executive Officer Shinji Aoyama
2. | Date of change (resignation)
April 7, 2025
3. | Reason for change (resignation)
The Company has become aware that Honda Director, Executive Vice President and Representative Executive Officer Shinji Aoyama is facing an allegation of
inappropriate conduct during a social gathering outside of work hours. In response to this situation, the Audit Committee promptly led an investigation, compiled a disciplinary action plan, reported the plan to the Board of Directors, and sought
opinions from outside experts. Based on the above results, the Board of Directors was scheduled to make a decision on the disciplinary action. However, Mr. Aoyama submitted a notice of resignation today. The Company’s Board of Directors
has determined that it is appropriate for Mr. Aoyama to resign from his position.
4. | Other
In light of the seriousness of this matter and based on his role as leader of the management team, Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
Toshihiro Mibe also will voluntarily return 20% of his monthly compensation for a period of two months.
It is deeply regrettable that an individual
positioned as a leader in the management of the Company, and who is expected to set an example for the respect of human rights and compliance with relevant laws and regulations, has become the subject of an allegation of conduct contrary to these
principles. The Company sincerely apologizes for any discomfort caused by such conduct, and for the significant disturbance and concern it has caused to all stakeholders.
The Company takes this matter very seriously and recognizes the restoration of trust as its top priority. Moving forward, the Company is committed to further
strengthen its company-wide compliance system.
The new management structure in response to this matter is under immediate consideration, which the
Company will announce in the near future.