
=== PAGE 1 ===
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2026 (Online) 
Nintendo Co., Ltd. 
Q&A Summary (English Translation of Japanese Original) 
1 
 
 
Date: Friday, May 8, 2026 
Attendees: Shuntaro Furukawa (President and Representative Director, Member of the Board) 
 Hajime Murakami (Executive Officer) 
 
The following are the main questions and answers from the financial results briefing (online).  
Please note that portions of this content have been edited or revised to improve readability. 
 
If you quote from this Q&A, please include a citation or link to this file. 
 
Q1 
For the current fiscal year (ending March 2027), you are forecasting Nintendo Switch 2 hardware 
sales of 16.5 million units. Could you give us some background about how you reached that 
number? Also, how do you see the adoption of Nintendo Switch 2 trending over the medium to 
long term? 
A1 
 Shuntaro Furukawa (President and Representative Director, Member of the Board): 
When Nintendo Switch 2 was launched in June of last year, we worked to expand production 
capacity so the system was available to as many people as possible. In addition, we held Nintendo 
Switch 2 Experience events before the launch around the world, which generated consumer interest, 
and this also helped drive sales far beyond our expectations in that first fiscal year. The result was 
that sales through to the end of last fiscal year (ended March 2026) reached 19.86 million units, 
exceeding both our initial forecast of 15 million units and our revised forecast of 19 million units, 
which we announced at our six months earnings report. 
That number of 19.86 million units in the first fiscal year was exceptionally high compared to our 
past hardware launches. This performance was supported by a variety of overlapping factors, 
including the fact that Nintendo Switch 2 launched while many people are still having fun playing 
Nintendo Switch, and the ability of Nintendo Switch 2 to play Nintendo Switch software helped 
make transition easier. 
At the time of our nine months earnings release, we explained that while we had a strong holiday 
season in Japan, the results were weaker than expected in other parts of the world, particularly in 
Europe and the U.S. However, the release of Animal Crossing: New Horizons – Nintendo Switch 2 
Edition and the free update for Animal Crossing: New Horizons in January boosted engagement for 
both Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch 2. Furthermore, in March, Pokémon Pokopia was 
released for Nintendo Switch 2, which performed well in Japan and other regions, driving hardware 
sales. In light of these factors, we believe that Nintendo Switch 2 is entering its second year in good 
shape. 
For the current fiscal year, we've set the initial sales forecast at 16.5 million units. This takes into 
account the current sales momentum, as well as the sales performance seen in the second year of 
our past dedicated video game systems. As mentioned in our financial results explanatory material, 
the pace of adoption of Nintendo Switch 2 is extremely fast even when compared to Nintendo 
Switch, and we do not see any particular concerns about its momentum at this time. 
The way that Pokémon Pokopia has contributed to hardware sales reaffirms our belief that the 
availability of software that people want to play is a key factor supporting the transition to Nintendo 
Switch 2. Going forward, we have many new titles for Nintendo Switch 2 prepared, and we will 
carefully convey the appeal of each title to encourage people to transition to Nintendo Switch 2 at 

=== PAGE 2 ===
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2026 (Online) 
Nintendo Co., Ltd. 
Q&A Summary (English Translation of Japanese Original) 
2 
 
their own pace. In that context, we will work to increase the Nintendo Switch 2 installed base over 
the medium to long term and increase software sales and the number of annual playing users. 
 
 
Q2 
The earnings forecast for the current fiscal year factors in approximately 100 billion yen due to the 
rising prices of components, particularly for memory chips, and the impact of tariffs on costs. Am I 
correct in understanding that the impact of tariffs is an absolute amount, rather than a difference 
compared to the previous fiscal year? Also, how did you calculate the increase in memory prices that 
got factored in? 
A2 
Furukawa: 
Regarding tariffs, your understanding is correct. We are applying an absolute amount, not a 
difference compared to the previous fiscal year. 
As we have explained before, the rise in memory and other component prices did not have a 
major impact on the profitability of the hardware last fiscal year. However, we forecast that prices 
will continue to rise, and we believe this will gradually put pressure on the profitability of the 
hardware from this fiscal year onward. We do not discuss any details concerning how we calculate 
the amount of impact, but based on our current sales plans and procurement situation, we 
calculated the impact of the rise in memory and other component prices and added to that the 
impact of tariffs on costs of goods sold to come up with the figure of approximately 100 billion yen. 
 
 
Q3 
Could you explain the reasoning behind the decision to revise the price of the Nintendo Switch 2 
hardware in the second year after its launch? Also, why is the extent of the change in price different 
in Japan, the U.S., and Europe? 
A3 
Furukawa: 
This change in hardware pricing was not due to any one specific factor. Rather, the decision was 
made in light of various changes in the recent market conditions which we believe will have a 
medium- to long-term impact on the global outlook of our dedicated video game platform business. 
Regarding Nintendo Switch 2, the basic approach to our dedicated video game platform business 
remains unchanged: first expand the hardware installed base, and then drive software sales. If the 
increase in costs were seen as something temporary that would subside relatively soon, then we 
could have pursued other options, such as working to improve productivity and expand the installed 
base while maintaining hardware prices. 
Unfortunately, the recent surge in memory and other component prices, and the changes in the 
market environment, including trends in the foreign exchange market and the price of oil, are all 
factors that we anticipate will continue over the medium to long term. As a result, we felt that the 
profitability of our hardware would suffer significantly if we maintained our existing pricing, 
potentially impacting our business operations over this time frame. For the sustained growth of our 
dedicated video game platform business, it is important to maintain a healthy earnings structure for 
our overall business. For this reason, we made the difficult decision to reflect a portion of our costs 
in the selling price. 
The reason that the extent of the price revision differs from region to region is because each 
region is impacted to a different degree by the various changes in the market environment. 

=== PAGE 3 ===
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2026 (Online) 
Nintendo Co., Ltd. 
Q&A Summary (English Translation of Japanese Original) 
3 
 
Q4 
The price changes for Nintendo Switch 2 hardware are occurring in the midst of a major increase in 
cost of living. What impact do you anticipate the adjustment will have on sales momentum? Also, if 
component costs continue to increase, is there a chance that you will change the prices again? 
A4 
Furukawa: 
I will not discuss the specifics of how this price revision could impact Nintendo Switch 2 sales, but 
we recognize that this raises the barrier for entry to a certain extent for people deciding whether to 
make a purchase. 
That being said, the most important thing in our dedicated video game platform business is to 
offer engaging fun that is worth more than the price. Going forward, Nintendo and other software 
publishers plan to release a variety of titles, and we aim to expand the installed base by conveying 
that these titles offer new experiences unique to Nintendo Switch 2. 
While uncertainties remain regarding future trends in component prices, we recognize that they 
could have an impact not only this year but next year as well. As for what comes after that, we will 
make necessary preparations to ensure that we can respond flexibly to whatever situation arises. 
 
 
Q5 
In your dedicated video game platform business up to now, there was a trend of concentrating 
releases of major first-party titles when new hardware was launched in order to encourage adoption 
and expand the installed base. Are you considering using these kinds of major titles to accelerate 
hardware adoption for Nintendo Switch 2 in the same way? Or, considering that many consumers 
continue to play Nintendo Switch, will you be releasing titles on a different timeline than before? 
A5 
Furukawa: 
In the medium to long term, I believe it is important for us to continuously introduce appealing 
new titles to encourage consumers to choose Nintendo hardware. Looking at the history of our 
dedicated video game platform business, the release of major titles that were expected to drive 
hardware sales did in fact greatly increase hardware unit sales. We believe that this trend will 
continue. 
Nintendo Switch 2 hardware sell-through increased due to the recent release of Pokémon Pokopia 
in March, giving us a strong start to the current fiscal year. In addition, the Nintendo Switch title 
Tomodachi Life: Living the Dream, released at the beginning of this fiscal year, is being played by 
many users around the world, and approximately 40% of players are Nintendo Switch 2 owners. We 
believe that the release of these new titles has invigorated engagement on both hardware platforms. 
While changes in the market environment have been factored into the financial projections for 
this fiscal year, our current sales are favorable as we enter the new fiscal year. Going forward, we will 
continue to work towards maintaining sales momentum by releasing a variety of titles. 
 
 
Q6 
With the 30th anniversary of the release of Pokémon Red and Pokémon Green [in Japan], Pokémon 
related titles have shown strong sales, but could you tell us more about the state of this IP and future 
initiatives from a global perspective? Hardware bundled with Pokémon Legends: Z-A – Nintendo 
Switch 2 Edition sold well during the last holiday season, and Pokémon Pokopia, released in March, 
has seen favorable sales. This situation also seems to extend to the release of the new Pokémon 
Winds and Pokémon Waves titles in 2027. 

=== PAGE 4 ===
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2026 (Online) 
Nintendo Co., Ltd. 
Q&A Summary (English Translation of Japanese Original) 
4 
 
A6 
Furukawa: 
For Pokémon related titles, Pokémon FireRed and Pokémon LeafGreen, released as download-only 
titles in February, together had global cumulative sell-through of more than 4 million units in the 
first six weeks. And Pokémon Pokopia, released in March, had global cumulative sell-through 
exceeding 4 million units in the first five weeks. 
This year is the 30th anniversary of the release of Pokémon Red and Pokémon Green, and the 
Pokémon IP has become increasingly popular around the world and is in a very strong position, not 
only for the video games, but also for the card game, mobile apps, and other areas of the business. 
We are grateful that Pokémon Pokopia, which was released as a Nintendo Switch 2 title as part of 
the 30th anniversary, is driving hardware sales, and we hope to see it become a new evergreen title 
for Nintendo Switch 2 with a long sales life. In addition, Pokémon Winds and Pokémon Waves will 
be released in 2027, and going forward we will continue to work with The Pokémon Company to 
encourage consumers playing Pokémon titles to transition to Nintendo Switch 2. 
 
 
Q7 
What is your approach to software development over the medium to long term? Due to the increase 
in development time, I imagine it would be difficult to release major titles for Nintendo Switch 2 at 
the same pace you have released software in the past. 
A7 
Furukawa: 
While it would be ideal to release many new titles at regular intervals, it's true that software 
development time has increased compared to before. Even so, we are taking various measures to 
adjust our development framework and processes so that there will be numerous titles for 
consumers to play on Nintendo Switch 2. 
We are working on a variety of new titles for Nintendo Switch 2, and not just so-called major titles. 
For the lineup for the second half of this year, we are preparing new titles in addition to those we 
have already announced and will communicate the details at the appropriate time. 
 
 
Q8 
Sales of Mario Kart World seem to have slowed down since shipments of the hardware bundle 
concluded in December. What is your assessment of the reasons behind this? In addition, what is 
the background behind the 60 million units of Nintendo Switch 2 software projected for this fiscal 
year? 
A8 
Furukawa: 
While I will refrain from talking about the state of sales for individual titles, Mario Kart World is an 
important title that we would like to continue selling throughout the lifecycle of Nintendo Switch 2. 
Going forward, we will continue to convey its appeal to consumers to expand its popularity as an 
evergreen title. 
I believe it is important that we consider how to expand the entire software business, including 
titles for both Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch 2, instead of focusing only on sales of Nintendo 
Switch 2 software. 
The results for unit software sales last fiscal year included software bundled with hardware and 
other products, while the sales units forecast for this fiscal year does not include bundled software. 
Based on that premise, the software sales units forecast for this fiscal year was set at a level close to 

=== PAGE 5 ===
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2026 (Online) 
Nintendo Co., Ltd. 
Q&A Summary (English Translation of Japanese Original) 
5 
 
the total combined number of Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch 2 software units sold last fiscal 
year, excluding the bundled software units. 
 
 
End 
