 
 EX-3.1
 2
 d327018dex31.htm
 EX-3.1
 EX-3.1 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 UIPATH, INC. 
 Daniel Dines hereby certifies that: 
 ONE: The current name of this corporation is UiPath, Inc. The original name of this corporation is UiPath, Inc.
and the date of filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was June 9, 2015. 
 TWO: He is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of
 U I P ATH , I NC . , a Delaware corporation. 
 THREE: The
Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and restated to read as follows: 
 I. 
 The name of this company is UiPath, Inc. (the “ Company ”). 
 II. 
 The address of the
registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is 3500 South Dupont Highway, Dover, Delaware, 19901, County of Kent, and the name of the registered agent of the Company in the State of Delaware at such address is Incorporating Services,
Ltd. 
 III. 
 The
purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“ DGCL ”). 
 IV. 
 A. The Company is authorized to issue three classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “Class A
Common Stock,” “Class B Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares that the Company is authorized to issue is 2,135,741,494 shares, 2,000,000,000 shares of which shall be Class A Common Stock
(the “ Class A Common Stock ”), 115,741,494 shares of which shall be Class B Common Stock (the “ Class B Common Stock ” together with
the Class A Common Stock, the “ Common Stock ”) and 20,000,000 shares of which shall be Preferred Stock (the “ Preferred Stock ”). The Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.00001 per share and
the Common Stock shall have a par value of $0.00001 per share. 
 B. Subject to the restrictions of
Section 4(d) of Part D of Article IV, the Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors of the Company is hereby expressly authorized by resolution or resolutions to provide for the issue of all
or any of the shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to fix the number of shares of such shares and to determine for each such series, such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designation, preferences, and
relative, participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such
shares and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The Board of Directors is also expressly authorized to increase (but not about the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then
outstanding) the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series. 
 1 
 C. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock,
Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding
shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock unless a vote of any such holders is required
pursuant to the terms of any Certificate of Designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred Stock. 
 D. Except as provided above, the rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters relating to the
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are as follows: 
 1. Definitions . 
 (a) “ Acquisition ” means any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any
other Entity, other than any such consolidation or merger in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation or merger continue to hold a majority of the voting power of the surviving Entity in substantially the same
proportions (or, if the surviving Entity is a wholly owned subsidiary of another Entity, the surviving Entity’s Parent) immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any transaction or series of related
transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of 50% of the Company’s voting power is transferred or issued; provided that an Acquisition shall not include any transaction or series of transactions principally for bona
fide equity financing purposes. 
 (b) “ Approved Designee ” shall mean a person or
persons who is or are entitled to exercise Voting Control with respect to shares of Class B Common Stock following the death or Incapacity of the Founder pursuant to an agreement entered into between the Founder and some person or persons, and
who is approved by a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 (c) “ Asset Transfer ”
means the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all the assets of the Company. 
 (d) “ Board of Directors ” means the board of directors of the Company. 
 (e) “ Certificate of Incorporation ” means the certificate of incorporation of the
Company, as amended and/or restated from time to time, including the terms of any certificate of designations of any series of Preferred Stock. 
 (f) “ Disposition Control ” means, with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock,
the power (whether exclusive or shared) to direct any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance hypothecation or other transfer or disposition, directly or indirectly, of such share. 
 (g) “ Entity ” means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
legal entity. 
 (h) “ Effective Time ” means the time this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware became effective in accordance with the DGCL. 
 2 
 (i) “ Family Member ” means with
respect to any natural person, the spouse, ex-spouse, domestic partner, lineal (including by adoption) descendant or antecedent, brother or sister, the adopted child or adopted grandchild, or the spouse or
domestic partner of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of such individual. 
 (j) “ Final Conversion Date ” means 5:00 p.m. in New York City, New York on the last
Trading Day of the fiscal year during which a Final Conversion Trigger Event occurs. 
 (k) “ Final
Conversion Trigger Event ” shall mean the earliest to occur of any of the following (i) 5:00 p.m. in New York City, New York on the first Trading Day following the six (6) month anniversary of the death or Incapacity of the Founder;
(ii) 5:00 p.m. in New York City, New York on the Trading Day fixed by the Board of Directors that is no less than 120 days and no more than 180 days following the date that the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding is less than
20% of the number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding as of the Effective Time; and (iii) the date that holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class, approve the
conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock in accordance with Section 6(c) of Part D of Article IV. 
 (l) “ Founder ” means Daniel Dines, an individual. 
 (m) “ Incapacity ” means, with respect to an individual, that such individual is incapable
of managing his or her financial affairs under the criteria set forth in the applicable probate code that can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months as determined by a licensed medical practitioner. In the event of a dispute regarding whether an individual has suffered an Incapacity, no Incapacity of such individual will be deemed to have occurred unless and until an affirmative
ruling regarding such Incapacity has been made by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (n) “ Independent Directors ” means the members of the Board of Directors designated as
independent directors in accordance with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange or any national stock exchange under which the Company’s equity securities are listed for trading. 
 (o) “ Liquidation Event ” means (i) any Asset Transfer or Acquisition in which cash
or other property is, pursuant to the express terms of the Asset Transfer or Acquisition, to be distributed to the stockholders in respect of their shares of capital stock in the Company or (ii) any liquidation, dissolution and winding up of
the Company; provided, however , for the avoidance of doubt, compensation pursuant to any employment, consulting, severance or other compensatory arrangement to be paid to or received by a person who is also a holder of Class A Common
Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock does not constitute consideration or a “distribution to stockholders” in respect of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 
 (p) “ Parent ” of an Entity means any Entity that directly or indirectly owns or controls
a majority of the voting power of the voting securities or interests of such Entity. 
 (q) “ Permitted Entity ” means any of the following: 
 (i) a trust for the benefit of any person so long as the Founder directly, or indirectly through one or more
other Permitted Entities, has exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust; 
 3 
 (ii) a trust under the terms of which the Founder has
retained a “qualified interest” within the meaning of §2702(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the “ Internal Revenue Code ”) or a reversionary interest so long as the Founder has
exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust; 
 (iii) a trust for the benefit of one or more of (1) the Founder, (2) a Family Member (as defined
below) of the Founder, (3) a Permitted Entity or (4) a charitable organization, foundation or similar Entity in which the trustee is one or more of (x) the Founder, (y) a professional in the business of providing trustee
services, including private professional fiduciaries, trust companies, accounting, legal or financial advisors, or bank trust departments or (z) a member of the Board of Directors, an executive officer of the Company, a private banker at a
nationally or internationally recognized financial institution or a legal advisor of the Founder, in each case, so long as such person is approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors other than the Founder (if serving as a member
of the Board of Directors), provided, that any such person described in clauses (x), (y) or (z) of the foregoing is subject to appointment and removal solely by the Founder (directly or indirectly through a Permitted Entity) or a Permitted
Entity (a “ Qualified Trustee ”); provided that exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control over shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust is at all times held by one or both of (i) the
Qualified Trustee and (ii) the Founder or a Permitted Entity, and if at any time (A) the Founder or a Permitted Entity or (B) the Qualified Trustee does not have exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect
to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust, then each share of Class B Common Stock then held by such trust shall automatically convert into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock; and
provided, further, in the event a Qualified Trustee resigns as trustee, or becomes ineligible to be a Qualified Trustee, or otherwise ceases to serve as a Qualified Trustee, the Founder or Permitted Entity, as applicable, shall have sixty
(60) days to appoint a replacement Qualified Trustee before any shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust shall be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock; 
 (iv) a trust under the terms of which the Founder has the power to revest in the Founder title to the trust
property, if such power is exercisable solely by the Founder without the approval or consent of any other person or with the consent of a “related or subordinate party” within the meaning of §672(c) of the Internal Revenue Code,
provided that exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control over shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust is at all times held by one or both of (i) the Qualified Trustee and (ii) the Founder or a Permitted
Entity; and provided, in the event a Qualified Trustee resigns as trustee, or becomes ineligible to be a Qualified Trustee, or otherwise ceases to serve as a Qualified Trustee, the Founder or Permitted Entity, as applicable, shall have sixty
(60) days to appoint a replacement Qualified Trustee before any shares of Class B Common Stock held by such trust shall be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. A trust satisfying the conditions of
Section 1(q)(iii) or this Section 1(q)(iv) is referred to herein as a “ Qualified Trust ”; 
 (v) an Individual Retirement Account, as defined in Section 408(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a
pension, profit sharing, stock bonus or other type of plan or trust of which the Founder is a participant or beneficiary and which satisfies the requirements for qualification under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue
Code; provided that in each case the Founder has exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held in such account, plan or trust; 
 (vi) a charitable organization, foundation or similar Entity organized and operated primarily for religious,
scientific, literary, education or a charitable purpose (a “ Qualified Charity ”) so long as the Founder, directly, or indirectly through one or more other Permitted Entities, or a Qualified Trustee of a Qualified Trust,
retains exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control 
 4 
with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such Qualified Charity, it being understood that the Founder shall be deemed for all purposes hereof to retain exclusive
Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held of record by such Qualified Charity as long as the Founder, a Permitted Entity, or a Qualified Trustee of a Qualified Trust has the right
to, directly or indirectly, elect and remove such number of the members of the board of directors, managers or other similar persons in a Qualified Charity who have sufficient voting or other power to direct or exercise the Voting Control and
Disposition Control of the shares of Class B Common Stock held of record by such Qualified Charity; provided such Transfer does not involve any payment of cash, securities, property or other consideration (other than an interest in such
Qualified Charity) to the Founder or such Permitted Entity, as applicable; 
 (vii) an estate, so long as the
Founder has exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such estate; and 
 (viii) any Entity (each, a “ Founder Entity ”) in which the Founder, directly, or
indirectly through one or more Permitted Entities, or a Qualified Trustee of a Qualified Trust, owns or controls shares, membership interests or other voting interests with sufficient voting control in the Entity, or otherwise has legally
enforceable rights, such that the Founder retains exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held of record by such Founder Entity, it being understood that the
Class B Stockholder shall be deemed for all purposes hereof to retain exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held of record by such Founder Entity as long as the
Founder, a Permitted Entity, or a Qualified Trustee of a Qualified Trust has the right to, directly or indirectly, elect and remove such number of the members of the board of directors, managers or other similar persons in a Founder Entity who have
sufficient voting or other power to direct or exercise the Voting Control and Disposition Control of the shares of Class B Common Stock held of record by such Founder Entity. 
 For the sake of clarity, in this Section 1(q), the Founder will be deemed to have exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control over shares
of Class B Common Stock held by a person if a Permitted Entity or, in the case of a Qualified Trust, a Qualified Trustee has exclusive Disposition Control and exclusive Voting Control over such shares. 
 (r) “ Permitted Transfer ” means, and is restricted to, any Transfer of a share of
Class B Common Stock: 
 (i) by a Qualified Stockholder, by any Qualified Stockholder’s Permitted
Entities or by the Founder’s Permitted Transferees as a result of or in connection with the Founder’s death or Incapacity, either (a) to the Founder’s Family Members or any Qualified Stockholder, or (b) of Voting Control to
an Approved Designee; 
 (ii) by a Qualified Stockholder who is a natural person (including a natural person
serving in a trustee capacity with regard to a trust for the benefit of himself or herself and/or his or her Family Members), to the trustee of a Permitted Entity that is a trust of such Qualified Stockholder or to such Qualified Stockholder in his
or her individual capacity or as a trustee of a Permitted Entity that is a trust; 
 (iii) by the trustee of a
Permitted Entity that is a trust of a Qualified Stockholder, to such Qualified Stockholder, the trustee of any other Permitted Entity that is a trust of such Qualified Stockholder or any Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; 
 (iv) by a Qualified Stockholder to any Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; or 
 (v) by a Permitted Entity of a Qualified Stockholder to such Qualified Stockholder or any other Permitted Entity
or the trustee of a Permitted Entity that is a trust of such Qualified Stockholder. 
 5 
 (s) “ Permitted Transferee ” means a
transferee of shares of Class B Common Stock received in a Transfer that constitutes a Permitted Transfer. 
 (t) “ Qualified Stockholder ” means (i) the Founder, (ii) any record holder of a
share of Class B Common Stock at the Effective Time; and (iii) a Permitted Transferee. 
 (u) “ Trading Day ” means any day on which the New York Stock Exchange, or any national
stock exchange under which the Company’s equity securities are listed for trading, is open for trading. 
 (v) “ Transfer ” of a share of Class B Common Stock means any sale, assignment,
transfer, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of such share or any legal or beneficial interest in such share, whether or not for value and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law, including, without
limitation, a transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock to a broker or other nominee (regardless of whether there is a corresponding change in beneficial ownership), or the transfer of, or entering into a binding agreement with respect to,
Voting Control (as defined below) over such share by proxy or otherwise; provided, however, that the following shall not be considered a “Transfer” within the meaning of this Article IV: 
 (i) the granting of a revocable proxy to officers or directors of the Company at the request of the Board of
Directors in connection with actions to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; 
 (ii) the
existence of any proxy granted prior to the Effective Time or the amendment or expiration of any such proxy; 
 (iii) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) solely with
stockholders who are holders of Class B Common Stock that (A) is disclosed either in a Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in writing to the Secretary of the Company, (B) either has a term not exceeding
one year or is terminable by the holder of the shares subject thereto at any time and (C) does not involve any payment of cash, securities, property or other consideration to the holder of the shares subject thereto other than the mutual
promise to vote shares in a designated manner; 
 (iv) the pledge of shares of Class B Common Stock by a
stockholder that creates a mere security interest in such shares pursuant to a bona fide loan or indebtedness transaction for so long as such stockholder continues to exercise exclusive Voting Control over such pledged shares; provided, however,
that a foreclosure on such shares or other similar action by the pledgee shall constitute a “Transfer” unless such foreclosure or similar action qualifies as a “Permitted Transfer”; or 
 (v) entering into, or reaching an agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding, a support or similar voting
or tender agreement (with or without granting a proxy) in connection with a Liquidation Event, Asset Transfer or Acquisition that has been approved by the Board of Directors. 
 6 
 A “ Transfer ” shall also be deemed to have occurred with respect to a share of
Class B Common Stock beneficially held by (i) a Permitted Transferee on the date that such Permitted Transferee ceases to meet the qualifications to be a Permitted Transferee of the Qualified Stockholder who effected the Transfer of such
shares to such Permitted Transferee, or (ii) an Entity that is a Qualified Stockholder, if there occurs a Transfer on a cumulative basis, from and after the Effective Time, of a majority of the voting power of the voting securities of such
Entity or any Parent of such Entity, other than a Transfer to parties that were, as of the Effective Time, holders of voting securities of any such Entity or Parent of such Entity. 
 (w) “ Voting Control ” means, with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock, the
power (whether exclusive or shared) to vote or direct the voting, directly or indirectly, of such share by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise. 
 2. Rights Relating To Dividends, Subdivisions and Combinations . 
 (a) Subject to the prior rights of holders of any Preferred Stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as
to dividends, the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the Company legally available therefor, such dividends as
may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors. Except as permitted in Section 2(b) of this Part D of Article IV, any dividends paid to the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be paid
pro rata, on an equal priority, pari passu basis, unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and a majority of
the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 (b) The Company
shall not declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution to the holders of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in securities of the Company unless the same dividend or distribution with the same record date and
payment date shall be declared and paid on all shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that (i) dividends or other distributions payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock may be
declared and paid to the holders of Class A Common Stock without the same dividend or distribution being declared and paid to the holders of the Class B Common Stock if, and only if, a dividend payable in shares of Class B Common
Stock, or rights to acquire shares of Class B Common Stock, as applicable, are declared and paid to the holders of Class B Common Stock at the same rate and with the same record date and payment date; and (ii) dividends or other
distributions payable in shares of Class B Common Stock or rights to acquire shares of Class B Common Stock may be declared and paid to the holders of Class B Common Stock without the same dividend or distribution being declared and
paid to the holders of the Class A Common Stock if, and only if, a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, are declared and paid to the holders of
Class A Common Stock at the same rate and with the same record date and payment date. 
 (c) If the
Company in any manner subdivides or combines (including by reclassification) the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, then the outstanding shares of all Common Stock will be subdivided or combined in the same
proportion and manner. 
 3. Liquidation Rights . In the event of a Liquidation Event, upon the
completion of the distributions required with respect to any Preferred Stock that may then be outstanding, the remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution to stockholders, or consideration payable to the stockholders of the
Company, in the case of an Acquisition constituting a Liquidation Event, shall be distributed on an equal priority, pro rata basis to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (and the holders of any Preferred Stock that
may then be outstanding, to the extent required 
 7 
by the Certificate of Incorporation), unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class A Common Stock and a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class; provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, compensation pursuant to any employment, consulting, severance or
other compensatory arrangement to be paid to or received by a person who is also a holder of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock does not constitute consideration or a “distribution to stockholders” in
respect of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 
 4. Voting
Rights . 
 (a) Class A Common Stock. Each holder of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be
entitled to one vote for each share thereof held. 
 (b) Class B Common Stock . Each holder of shares of
Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to thirty-five votes for each share thereof held. 
 (c) Voting
Generally . Except as required by law or as otherwise set forth herein, the holders of Preferred Stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall vote together and not as separate series or classes. Except as otherwise
required by applicable law or as otherwise set forth herein, holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the
terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Certificate of
Incorporation or applicable law. 
 (d) Class B Common Stock Protective Provisions .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, the Company shall not, without the approval by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
Class B Common Stock, voting together as a separate class, directly or indirectly, or whether by amendment, or through merger, recapitalization, consolidation or otherwise: 
 (i) amend, alter, or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company in a
manner that modifies the voting, conversion or other powers, preferences, or other special rights or privileges, or restrictions of the Class B Common Stock; 
 (ii) reclassify any outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into shares having rights as to dividends or
liquidation that are senior to the Class B Common Stock or the right to more than one vote for each share thereof; 
 (iii) issue any shares of Preferred Stock having the power (whether exclusive or shared) to vote, or direct the
voting of such shares by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise, equal or superior to the Voting Control; or 
 (iv) issue any additional shares of Class B Common Stock or other securities convertible into shares of
Class B Common Stock, except for the issuance of Class B Common Stock issuable upon a dividend payable in accordance with Section 2(b) of this Part D of Article IV. 
 5. Optional Conversion . 
 (a) Optional Conversion of the Class B Common Stock . 
 8 
 (i) At the option of the holder thereof, each share of
Class B Common Stock shall be convertible, at any time or from time to time, into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock as provided herein. 
 (ii) Each holder of Class B Common Stock who elects to convert the same into shares of Class A Common
Stock shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor (if any), duly endorsed, at the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock, and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that such
holder elects to convert the same and shall state therein the number of shares of Class B Common Stock being converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender
of the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Class B Common Stock to be converted, or, if the shares are uncertificated, immediately prior to the close of business on the date that the holder delivers notice of such conversion
to the Company’s transfer agent and the person entitled to receive the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Class A Common Stock at such
time. 
 6. Automatic Conversion . 
 (a) Automatic Conversion of the Class B Common Stock . Each share of Class B
Common Stock shall automatically be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon a Transfer, other than a Permitted Transfer, of such share of Class B Common Stock. Such conversion shall occur
automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares (if any) are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Class B Common Stock are either delivered to the Company or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it
in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Class B Common Stock, the holders of Class B Common Stock so converted shall surrender the certificates representing such shares (if any) at the
office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Class A Common Stock. 
 (b) Conversion upon
Death . Each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by a natural person, including a natural person serving in a trustee capacity, other than the Founder (including the Founder holding shares in a trustee capacity) or a Permitted
Transferee of such Founder, shall automatically, without any further action, convert into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon the death of such natural person. 
 (c) Final Conversion . On the Final Conversion Date, each issued share of Class B Common Stock shall
automatically, without any further action, convert into one share of Class A Common Stock. Following the Final Conversion Date, the Company may no longer issue any additional shares of Class B Common Stock. Such conversion shall occur
automatically without the need for any further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares (if any) are surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the certificates evidencing such shares of Class B Common Stock are either delivered to the Company or its transfer
agent as provided below, or the holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it
in connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic conversion of the Class B Common Stock, the holders of Class B Common Stock so converted shall surrender the certificates representing such shares (if any) at the
office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Class A Common Stock. 
 9 
 (d) Procedures. The Company may, from time to time,
establish such policies and procedures relating to the conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock and the general administration of this dual class stock structure, including the issuance of stock certificates (or the
establishment of book-entry positions) with respect thereto, as it may deem reasonably necessary or advisable, and may from time to time request that holders of shares of Class B Common Stock furnish certifications, affidavits or other proof to
the Corporation as it deems necessary to verify the ownership of Class B Common Stock and to confirm that a conversion to Class A Common Stock has not occurred. A determination by the Secretary of the Company as to whether a Transfer
results in a conversion to Class A Common Stock shall be conclusive and binding. 
 (e) Immediate
Effect. In the event of a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock to shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 6 of Part D of Article IV, such conversion(s) shall be deemed to have been made at the time that the
Transfer of shares occurred or immediately upon the Final Conversion Date, as applicable. Upon any conversion of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock, all rights of the holder of shares of Class B Common Stock shall cease and
the person or persons in whose names or names the certificate or certificates (or book-entry position(s)) representing the shares of Class A Common Stock are to be issued shall be treated for all purposes as having become the record holder or
holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 7. Redemption . The Common Stock is not
redeemable. 
 8. Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company shall at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Class B Common Stock, as applicable, such number of its shares of Class A
Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then-outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, as applicable, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued
shares of Class A Common Stock to such numbers of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose. 
 9. Prohibition on Reissuance of Shares . Shares of Class B Common Stock that are acquired by the
Company for any reason (whether by repurchase, upon conversion, or otherwise) shall be retired in the manner required by law and shall not be reissued as shares of Class B Common Stock. 
 V. 
 For the management of the business
and for the conduct of the affairs of the Company, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Company, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:
 A. Board of Directors . 
 1. Generally . Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business
and affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors that shall constitute the Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors;
provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, until the Final Conversion Date, the number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board of Directors may also be fixed by a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the voting power of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class. 
 10 
 2. Election . 
 (a) Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the stockholders to hold office until the next annual
meeting. 
 (b) No stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate votes. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, each director shall serve until his successor is
duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 (d) Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 
 3. Removal of Directors . Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, removal shall be as
provided in Section 141(k) of the DGCL. 
 4. Vacancies . Subject to any limitations imposed by
applicable law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be filled by the affirmative vote of (a) a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by the sole remaining director, or
(b), if such vacancy is created prior to the Final Conversion Date, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class. Any
director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director’s successor shall have been elected and
qualified. 
 5. Preferred Directors . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during any period
when the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or together with one or more series, have the right to elect additional directors, then upon commencement and for the duration of the period during which such right
continues: (i) the then otherwise total authorized number of directors of the Company shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the additional
directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to said provisions; and (ii) each such additional director shall serve until such director’s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director’s right to hold such
office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Except as otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolution or
resolutions establishing such series, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such stock, the terms of office of all such
additional directors elected by the holders of such stock, or elected to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate and the total authorized number of
directors of the Company shall be reduced accordingly. 
 B. Stockholder Actions . Following the Final
Conversion Date, no action shall be taken by 
 11 
the stockholders of the Company except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws and no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent.
Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Company shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Company. Prior to
the Final Conversion Date, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company at a meeting may be effected by consent in writing or by electronic transmission of such stockholders in compliance with Section 228 of
the DGCL. 
 C. Bylaws . Subject to the restrictions of Section 4(d) of Part D of Article IV, the
Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company; provided, however , that, any time after the Final
Conversion Date, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Company required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 D. Special Meetings of Stockholders. Special meetings of the stockholders (i) may
be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL, by (A) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, (B) the Chief Executive Officer, or (C) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted
by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption), and (ii) until the
Final Conversion Date, shall be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL by the Secretary of the Company upon the written request of stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than a majority of the
votes at such special meeting, provided that such written request is in compliance with the Bylaws of the Company. 
 VI. 
 A. The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. 
 B. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, the Company may provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers, and other agents of the Company (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Company to provide indemnification)
through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 C. Any repeal or modification of this Article VI shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under
this Article VI in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act giving rise to liability. 
 D. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (B) any action or
proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder to the Company or the Company’s stockholders; (C) any action or proceeding
asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (as
each may be amended from time to time); (D) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, 
 12 
enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder); (E) any action or proceeding as to which
the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (F) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer or other employee of the Company or any stockholder, governed by the internal
affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This Article VII shall not apply to suits brought to enforce a
duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 E. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts
of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all causes of action asserted against any
defendant named in such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced the Company, its officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other
professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. 
 F. Any person or Entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the
Company shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article VI. 
 VII. 
 A. The Company reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate
of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, except as provided in paragraph B. of this Article VII and subject to the restrictions of Section 4(d) of Part D of Article IV, and all rights conferred upon the
stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 
 B. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this
Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, after the Final Conversion Date, the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be
required to alter, amend or repeal Articles V, VI, and VII. 
 * * * * 
 FOUR: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly authorized in accordance with
Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 13 
 UiPath, Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed
by a duly authorized officer on April 23, 2021. 
 U I P ATH , I NC . | 
 By: | 
 /s/ Daniel Dines | 
 Daniel Dines | 
 Chief Executive Officer | 
