
===== cache\k1993_full.txt hits [303]
The Company faces competition in all markets which it serves, principally from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, sales representatives, competitive prices, and its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its larger manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders. The Company serves a number of diverse markets, and is able in some markets to reasonably estimate the Company's competitive position within that market.

===== cache\k1994_full.txt hits [261]
The Company faces competition in all markets which it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, sales representatives, competitive prices, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, and procurement process consulting services. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders. The Company serves a number of diverse markets, and is able in some

===== cache\k1995_full.txt hits [312]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, sales representatives, competitive prices, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, procurement process consulting services and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders. The Company serves a number of diverse markets, and is able in some markets to

===== cache\k1996_full.txt hits [317]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, catalog houses, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, account managers, competitive prices, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, procurement process consulting services, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders. (5)

===== cache\k1997_full.txt hits [390]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, catalog houses, and certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, account managers, competitive prices, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, procurement process consulting services, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders. The Company serves a number of diverse markets, and is able in some markets to

===== cache\k1998_full.txt hits [391]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, catalog houses, and certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by providing local stocks, efficient service, account managers, competitive prices, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, procurement process consulting services, utilizing electronic and Internet commerce technology, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers may enjoy a cost advantage in filling large orders.

===== cache\k1999_full.txt hits [425]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company's own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, from catalog houses, from certain Internet-based businesses and product fulfillment mechanisms, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors is by local stock availability, efficient service, account managers, competitive pricing, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, procurement process consulting services, electronic and Internet commerce technology, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors on small orders, but that such manufacturers

===== cache\k2001_form10k2001.htm.txt hits [353]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company’s own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, from catalog houses, from certain Internet-based businesses and product fulfillment mechanisms, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors are by local stock availability, efficient service, account managers, competitive pricing, its several catalogs, which include product descriptions and in certain cases, extensive technical and application data, electronic and Internet commerce technology, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total MRO costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with its manufacturing competitors

===== cache\k2002_form10k2002.htm.txt hits [109, 430]
The Company faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of the Company’s own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, from wholesale distributors, from catalog houses, from certain Internet-based businesses and product fulfillment mechanisms, and from certain retail enterprises. The principal means by which the Company competes with manufacturers and other distributors are by local stock availability, efficient service, account managers, competitive pricing, its catalogs (which include product descriptions and in certain cases extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology, and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. The Company believes that it can effectively compete on a price basis with manufacturers on small orders, but that manufacturers may

===== cache\k2003_form10k2003.htm.txt hits [130, 413]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and certain retail enterprises. Grainger competes with manufacturers and other distributors primarily through local product availability, efficient service, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other efforts to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. In some markets, Grainger can reasonably estimate its competitive position.

===== cache\k2004_form10k2004.htm.txt hits [123, 404]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and certain retail enterprises. Grainger provides local product availability, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Based on available data, Grainger estimates the United States market for facilities maintenance products to be approximately $100 billion, of which Grainger’s

===== cache\k2005_form10k2005.htm.txt hits [157, 355]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and certain retail enterprises. Grainger provides local product availability, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Based on available data, Grainger estimates the North American market for facilities maintenance and related products to be more than $140 billion, of which Grainger’s share is approximately 4 percent. There are several large competitors, although most of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2005, Grainger had 16,732 employees, of whom 14,297 were full-time and 2,435 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Web Site Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, free of charge, through its Web site, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor . Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. A slowdown in the economy could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environment. Grainger’s sales growth has tended to correlate with commercial activity, manufacturing output and non-farm employment levels. Thus, a slowdown in economic activity could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. The facilities maintenance industry is a highly fragmented industry, and competition could result in a decreased demand for Grainger’s products. There are several large competitors in the industr

===== cache\k2006_form10k2006.htm.txt hits [161, 354]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and retail enterprises. Grainger provides local product availability, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Based on available data, Grainger estimates the North American market for facilities maintenance and related products to be more than $145 billion, of which Grainger’s share is approximately 4 percent. There are several large competitors, although most of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2006, Grainger had 17,074 employees, of whom 14,708 were full-time and 2,366 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Web Site Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, free of charge, through its Web site, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor . Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. A slowdown in economic activity could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environments. Grainger’s sales growth has tended to correlate with commercial activity, manufacturing output and non-farm employment levels. Thus, a slowdown in economic activity could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. The facilities maintenance industry is a highly fragmented industry, and competition could result in a decreased demand for Grainger’s products and services. There are several large competitors in

===== cache\k2007_form10k2007.htm.txt hits [166, 359]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and retail enterprises. Grainger provides local product availability, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services to assist customers in lowering their total facility maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Based on available data, Grainger estimates the North American market for facilities maintenance and related products to be more than $145 billion, of which Grainger’s share is approximately 4 percent. There are several large competitors, although most of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2007, Grainger had 18,036 employees, of whom 15,732 were full-time and 2,304 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Web Site Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, free of charge, through its Web site, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor . Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. A slowdown in economic activity could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environments. Grainger’s sales growth has tended to correlate with commercial activity, manufacturing output and non-farm employment levels. Thus, a slowdown in economic activity could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. The facilities maintenance industry is a highly fragmented industry, and competition could result in a decreased demand for Grainger’s products and services. There are several large competitors in 

===== cache\k2008_form10k123108.htm.txt hits [219, 637]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses and retail enterprises. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a

===== cache\k2009_form10k123109.htm.txt hits [185, 608]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), electronic and Internet commerce technology and other services such as inventory management and energy efficiency solutions to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in

===== cache\k2010_form10k123110.htm.txt hits [111, 329]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services such as inventory management and energy efficiency solutions to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Based on available data, Grainger estimates the North American market for facilities maintenance and related products to be approximately $130 billion, of which Grainger’s share is approximately 5 percent. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2010, Grainger had approximately 18,500 employees, of whom approximately 17,000 were full-time and 1,500 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor. Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both commercial and government, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their ability to purchase Grainger’s products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely paymen

===== cache\k2011_gww20111231-10k.htm.txt hits [313]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services such as inventory management and energy efficiency solutions to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. Grainger serves a number of diverse markets. Grainger estimates the North American market for facilities maintenance and related products to be approximately $140 billion , of which Grainger’s share is approximately 5% . There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2011 , Grainger had approximately 21,400 employees, of whom approximately 20,000 were full-time and 1,400 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor. 5 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both domestic and international, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their ability to purchase Grainger's products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely payments. Thus, a significant or

===== cache\k2012_gww20121231-10k.htm.txt hits [246]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services such as inventory management and energy efficiency solutions to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2012 , Grainger had approximately 22,400 employees, of whom approximately 21,100 were full-time and 1,300 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting grainger.com/investor. 5 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both domestic and international, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their ability to purchase Grainger's products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely payments. Thus, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity in the United States, Canada or any other major world economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth and results of operations. The facilities maintenance industry is high

===== cache\k2013_gww20131231-10k.htm.txt hits [247]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services, such as inventory management and energy efficiency solutions to assist customers in lowering their total facilities maintenance costs, are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2013 , Grainger had approximately 23,700 employees, of whom approximately 22,500 were full-time and 1,200 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. 5 Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting www.grainger.com/investor. Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both domestic and international, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their ability to purchase Grainger's products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely payments. Thus, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity in the United States, Canada or any other major world economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth and results of operations. The facilities maintenance industry i

===== cache\k2014_gww20141231-10k.htm.txt hits [245]
Grainger faces competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data), and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services, such as inventory management, are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2014 , Grainger had approximately 23,600 employees, of whom approximately 22,300 were full-time and 1,300 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting www.grainger.com/investor. 6 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both domestic and international, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their purchases of Grainger's products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely payments. Thus, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity in the United States, Canada or any other major world economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth and results of operations. The facilities maintenance industry is highly fragmented, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and ser

===== cache\k2015_gww20151231-10k.htm.txt hits [248]
Grainger faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and electronic and Internet commerce technology. Other services, such as inventory management, are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2015 , Grainger had approximately 25,800 employees, of whom approximately 24,400 were full-time and 1,400 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after this material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting www.grainger.com/investor. 6 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger's business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of operations. Weakness in the economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers, both domestic and international, to idle or close facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their purchases of Grainger's products and services as well as their ability to make full and timely payments. Thus, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity in the United States, Canada or any other major world economy could negatively impact Grainger's sales growth and results of operations. The facilities maintenance industry is highly fragmented, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and 

===== cache\k2016_gww20161231-10k.htm.txt hits [240]
Grainger faces competition in all the markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger provides local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and electronic and eCommerce technology. Other services, such as inventory management, are also offered. Grainger believes that it can effectively compete with manufacturers on small orders, but manufacturers may have an advantage in filling large orders. There are several large competitors, although the majority of the market is served by small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2016 , Grainger had approximately 25,600 employees, of whom approximately 24,400 were full-time and 1,200 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be adequate. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available, through its website, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. This material may be accessed by visiting www.grainger.com/investor. 6 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the Company is exposed. Weakness in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability of Grainger’s customers could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth and results of operations. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environments. Grainger serves several industries in which the demand for its products and services is sensitive to the production activity, capital spending and demand for products and services of Grainger’s customers. Many of these custo

===== cache\k2017_gww20171231-10k.htm.txt hits [245]
Grainger faces competition in each market from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, to wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and Internet-based businesses. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management. Grainger has several large competitors and continues to be highly competitive against the predominant number of small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2017 , Grainger had approximately 25,700 employees, of whom approximately 24,400 were full-time and 1,300 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available free of charge, through its website, www.Grainger.com/investor, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports if any, as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC and the address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. 6 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the Company is exposed. Weakness in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability of Grainger’s customers could ne

===== cache\k2018_gww20181231-10k.htm.txt hits [379]
Grainger faces competition in each market from manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, to wholesale distributors, catalog houses, retail enterprises and internet-based businesses. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives, competitive pricing, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management. Grainger has several large competitors and continues to be highly competitive against the predominant number of small local and regional competitors. Employees As of December 31, 2018 , Grainger had approximately 24,600 employees, of whom approximately 23,100 were full-time and 1,500 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available free of charge, through its website, www.grainger.com/investor, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports if any, as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC and the address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. 7 Item 1A: Risk Factors The following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s business that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the Company is exposed. Weakness in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability of Grainger’s customers could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth and results of operations. Economic, political, and industry trends affect Grainger’s business environments. Grainger serves several industries and markets in which the demand for its products and services is sensitive to the prod

===== cache\k2019_gww20191231-10k.htm.txt hits [1914]
In the large and fragmented MRO industry, Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad-line distributors to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Employees As of December 31, 2019 , Grainger had approximately 25,300 employees, of whom approximately 23,800 were full-time and 1,500 were part-time or temporary. Grainger has never had a major work stoppage and considers employee relations to be good. Website Access to Company Reports Grainger makes available free of charge, through its website, www.invest.grainger.com , its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports if any, as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC and the address of that site is http://www.sec.gov . 7 Information about our Executive Officers Following is information about the executive officers of Grainger including age as of January 31, 2020 . Executive officers of Grainger generally serve until the next annual appointment of officers, or until earlier resignation or removal. | | | Name and Age | Positions and Offices Held and Principal Occupation and Employment During the Past Five Years

===== cache\k2020_gww-20201231.htm.txt hits [187]
In the large and fragmented MRO industry, Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors, with a high degree of overlap for both business models. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives, catalogs (which include product descriptions and, in certain cases, extensive technical and application data) and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S. operations, which in 2020 generated approximately 78% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, China, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of employees as well as financial resources. In 2020, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger, please see Item 1A: Risk Factors. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2020, Grainger had approximately 23,100 employees worldwide, of whom approximately 21,800 were full-time and 1,300 were part-time or temporary. Approximately 86% of these employees resided in North America, 8% in Asia and 6% in Europe. Grainger has not experienced any major work stoppages and considers employee relations to be good. The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Com

===== cache\k2021_gww-20211231.htm.txt hits [142]
Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S.-based operations, which in 2021 generated approximately 79% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of team members as well as financial resources. In 2021, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. See Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger. Human Capital The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. The Compensation Committee of the Board, which is comprised of independent directors, oversees the Company's human capital management programs and policies and routinely provides updates to the Board. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Company. Building on its strong foundation while evolving a framework to address future challenges is critical to Grainger’s continued success. Grainger has been consistently recognized for its commitment to its culture, diversity, equity and inclusion efforts and employee engagement. Team Member Profile As of December 31, 2021, Grainger had approximate

===== cache\k2022_gww-20221231.htm.txt hits [151]
Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S. based operations, which in 2022 generated approximately 82% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of team members as well as financial resources. In 2022, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. See Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger. Human Capital The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. The Compensation Committee of the Board, which is comprised of independent directors, oversees the Company's human capital management programs and policies and routinely provides updates to the Board. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Company. Building on its strong foundation while evolving a framework to address the future is critical to Grainger’s continued success. Grainger has been consistently recognized for its commitment to its culture, diversity, equity and inclusion efforts and employee engagement. Team Member Profile As of December 31, 2022, Gr ainger had more than 26,000 

===== cache\k2023_gww-20231231.htm.txt hits [146]
Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S. based operations, which in 2023 generated approximately 82% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of team members as well as financial resources. In 2023, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. See Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger. Human Capital The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors (the Board) and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. The Compensation Committee of the Board, which is comprised of independent directors, oversees the Company's human capital management programs and policies and routinely provides updates to the Board. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Company. Building on its strong foundation while evolving a framework to address the future is critical to Grainger’s continued success. Grainger has been consistently recognized for its commitment to its culture, diversity, equity and inclusion efforts and team member engagement. Team Member Profile As of December 31, 2023, Gr ainger had mo

===== cache\k2024_gww-20241231.htm.txt hits [147]
Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S. based operations, which in 2024 generated approximately 82% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of team members as well as financial resources. In 2024, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. See Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger. Human Capital The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors (the Board) and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. The Compensation Committee of the Board, which is comprised of independent directors, oversees the Company's human capital management programs and policies and routinely provides updates to the Board. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Company. Building on its strong foundation while evolving a framework to address the future is critical to Grainger’s continued success. Grainger has been consistently recognized for its commitment to its culture, an inclusive workplace and team member engagement. Team Member Profile As of December 31, 2024, Gr ainger had more than 26,000 te

===== cache\k2025_gww-20251231.htm.txt hits [146]
Grainger faces competition from a variety of competitors, including manufacturers (including some of its own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale distributors, retailers and internet-based businesses. Also, competitors vary by size, from large broad line distributors and eCommerce retailers to small local and regional competitors. Grainger differentiates itself by providing local product availability, a broad product line, sales and service representatives and advanced electronic and eCommerce technology. Grainger also offers other services, such as inventory management and technical support. Government Regulations Grainger’s business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction where Grainger operates. In addition to Grainger’s U.S. based operations, which in 2025 generated approximately 81% of its consolidated net sales, Grainger operates its business principally through wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Mexico and the U.K., and through its majority-owned subsidiary in Japan. Compliance with these laws, regulations and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of team members as well as financial resources. In 2025, compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and standards did not have a material effect on capital allocation, earnings or competitive position. See Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Grainger. Human Capital The Company strongly believes that its corporate culture must be aligned with its business strategy and aspiration to create value. To that end, Grainger's Board of Directors (the Board) and senior management are actively involved in cultivating Grainger’s culture. The Compensation Committee of the Board, which is comprised of independent directors, oversees the Company's human capital management programs and policies and routinely provides updates to the Board. Grainger believes that a purpose-driven culture is an asset that creates a sustainable, competitive advantage for the Company. Building on its strong foundation while evolving a framework to address the future is critical to Grainger’s continued success. Grainger has been consistently recognized for its commitment to its culture, welcoming workplace and team member engagement. 7 Team Member and Workplace Profile As of December 31, 2025 , Grainger had approxim
