M1999-015 | 1999 | When I was young, the department stores had a bunch of, sort of, monopolistic advantages. [...] And they lost all three of those advantages. And yet, they’ve done well, a lot of them, for many decades since. At other times, you get a change and you just get destroyed.

M1999-013 | 1999 | But anytime we buy into a business, and anytime that we’ve bought in for some time, we have tried to think of what that business is going to look like in five, or 10, or 15 years. And we recognize that the internet, in many forms of retailing, is likely to pose such a threat that we simply wouldn’t want to get into the business.

M2012-047 | 2012 | WARREN BUFFETT: Which ones do you think it will hurt the most, Charlie? CHARLIE MUNGER: Well, anything that can be easily bought by using a home computer, or an iPad, for that matter. [...] But I think it will hugely affect a lot of people. I think it’s terrible for most retailers. Not slightly terrible, really terrible.

M2014-088 | 2014 | Yeah, if the numbers you recited came from a declining department store, we would just hate it. But when it comes from a growing utility, we like it because we have such confidence that the reinvested money is going to do exceptionally well. It’s just that simple. [...] They’re two different kinds of businesses.

M1997-105 | 1997 | But I was in the windmill business and pumps and — third-level department — or second-level — department stores. And I just found out how tough it was and how it didn’t — you could apply all kinds of energy to them. And it didn’t do any good. [...] It made a great deal of sense to figure out what pond to jump in. And what pond you jumped in was probably more important than how well you could swim.

M1998-176 | 1998 | We made a bad deal when we bought Hochschild Kohn, for example, the department store operation, back in 1966. But it had — fine people — but we were wrong on the economics of the business. But the leases didn’t make any difference. You know, that sort of thing just was not important. And I can’t recall any time that what other people refer to as due diligence would’ve avoided a bad deal for us.

M2016-031 | 2016 | But there are cases where there is some force coming along that really is — you may not have the answer for it. And then, you know, you get out of that business. We had that department store in Baltimore in 1966, and if we’d kept it, we would have gone out of business. So, recognizing reality is also important. I mean, you do not want to try and fix something that’s unfixable.

M2017-075 | 2017 | Yeah, we got very lucky, actually, because we were in the department store business, and our business was so lousy that we recognized it. If it had been a little bit better, we would’ve hung on.

L1995-008 | 1995 | Retailing is a tough business.  During my investment career, I have watched a large number of retailers enjoy terrific growth and superb returns on equity for a period, and then suddenly nosedive, often all the way into bankruptcy. [...] In part, this is because a retailer must stay smart, day after day.  Your competitor is always copying and then topping whatever you do.  Shoppers are meanwhile beckoned in every conceivable way to try a stream of new merchants.  In retailing, to coast is to fail.

M1995-040 | 1995 | WARREN BUFFETT: Yeah, to some extent, Charlie and I try and distinguish between businesses where you have to have been smart once and businesses where you have to stay smart. And, I mean, retailing is a good case of a business where you have to stay smart. [...] So, you cannot coast in retailing. There are other businesses where you only have to be smart once, at least for a very long time. [...] Ideally, you know, is you want terrific management at a terrific business. And that’s what we look for. But as we pointed out in the past, if you have to choose between the two, get a terrific business.

M1996-062 | 1996 | I think ours are way easier to predict. There are fair — they tend to be fundamental things, fairly simple. Rate of change is not fast, so I feel pretty comfortable. [...] Whereas, if you — if we were to buy — if we owned a base metals business or many retailing businesses I can think of, or an auto business, I’m not sure I’d know where we would stand in the competitive pecking order five or 10 years from now. I would not want to try and come in and displace See’s Candies, for example, in the business it does, or the Furniture Mart.

M2014-052 | 2014 | I would say that in my own case, I’ve gone out of it more often in retail than in any other arena. I think it’s easy to sort of think you understand retail, and then subsequently find out you don’t, as we did with the department store in Baltimore. [...] I probably was out of my circle of competence when I decided that I should go in and buy control of the company. That was a dumb decision — which worked out.

M1995-038 | 1995 | And then our — then what we have to decide is — all moats are subject to attack in a capitalistic system, so everybody is going to try and — if you’ve got a big castle in there, people are going to be trying to figure out how to get to it. And what we have to decide — and most moats aren’t worth a damn in, you know, in capitalism. [...] But we are trying to figure out what is keeping — why is that castle still standing? And what’s going to keep it standing or cause it not to be standing five, 10, 20 years from now. What are the key factors? And how permanent are they? How much do they depend on the genius of the lord in the castle? And then if we feel good about the moat, then we try to figure out whether, you know, the lord is going to try to take it all for himself, whether he’s likely to do something stupid with the proceeds, et cetera.

M2011-015 | 2011 | You know, every time I look at a business — when we bought See’s Candy in 1972, I said to myself, if I had a hundred million dollars and I wanted to go in and take on See’s Candy, could I do it? And I came to the conclusion, no, so we bought See’s Candy. If the answer had been yes, we wouldn’t have done it. I asked myself that same question, you know, can I start a soft drink company and take on Coca-Cola if I have a hundred billion dollars, you know?

L2007-004 | 2007 | A truly great business must have an enduring "moat" that protects excellent returns on invested capital. The dynamics of capitalism guarantee that competitors will repeatedly assault any business "castle" that is earning high returns. Therefore a formidable barrier such as a company's being the low-cost producer (GEICO, Costco) or possessing a powerful world-wide brand (Coca-Cola, Gillette, American Express) is essential for sustained success. Business history is filled with "Roman Candles," companies whose moats proved illusory and were soon crossed.

M2000-019 | 2000 | When we don’t have a — when we see a moat that’s tenuous in any way — getting back to your question — it’s just too risky. We don’t know how to valuate that, and therefore we leave it alone.

M2006-013 | 2006 | There’s just — there’s just games that are too tough. Charlie says, you know, “We’ve got three boxes at the company: in, out, and too hard.” (Laughter) And a lot of things end up in the “too hard” pile, and it doesn’t bother us. You know, we don’t have to be able to do everything well.

M1997-010 | 1997 | And commodity businesses have risk unless you’re the low-cost producer, because the low-cost producer can put you out of business. Our textile business was not the low-cost producer. [...] But we weren’t the low-cost producer, so it was a risky business. The guy who could sell it cheaper than we could made it risky for us.

L2004-003 | 2004 | Insurers have generally earned poor returns for a simple reason: They sell a commodity-like product. Policy forms are standard, and the product is available from many suppliers, some of whom are mutual companies ("owned" by policyholders rather than stockholders) with profit goals that are limited. Moreover, most insureds don't care from whom they buy. Customers by the millions say "I need some Gillette blades" or "I'll have a Coke" but we wait in vain for "I'd like a National Indemnity policy, please." Consequently, price competition in insurance is usually fierce. Think airline seats.

M2017-009 | 2017 | And the question when we looked at See’s Candy in 1972 was, would people still want to be both eating and giving away that candy in preference to other candies? And it wouldn’t be a question of people buying candy for the low bid. [...] But it was only because we felt that people would not be buying, necessarily, a lower-price candy.

L1994-035 | 1994 | Rather, this was a case of sloppy analysis, a lapse that may have been caused by the fact that we were buying a senior security or by hubris. [...] Before this purchase, I simply failed to focus on the problems that would inevitably beset a carrier whose costs were both high and extremely difficult to lower. [...] eventually a fundamental rule of economics prevailed:  In an unregulated commodity business, a company must lower its costs to competitive levels or face extinction.  This principle should have been obvious to your Chairman, but I missed it.

M2001-013 | 2001 | The real problem is when you’re in the airline business and your wage rates are out of line with your competitors. [...] As long as you’re more efficient than your competitor, and your costs are not higher than your competitor, people will continue to fly. [...] So if you’re running a big airline at Delta or United or whatever, if your costs are on parity or less — labor costs — than your other major competitors, that is much more important to you than the absolute level. [...] Big thing in — you just can’t take labor costs that are materially higher than your competitor in a business that has commodity-like characteristics such as airline seats. You just can’t do it over time. And you can get away with it for a while. But sooner or later, the nature of a capitalist society is that the guy with the lower cost comes in and kills you.

M2005-020 | 2005 | And it’s not a great business when you have to have a prayer session before you raise your prices a penny. I mean, you were in a tough business then. And I would say you can almost measure the strength of a business over time by the agony they go through in determining whether a price increase can be sustained. [...] You can learn a lot about — you learn a lot about the durability of the economics of a business by observing the behavior of — the price behavior.

M2001-090 | 2001 | Yeah, there will be a battle, always, between brands and retailers, because the retailer would like his name to be the brand. And, to the extent that people trust Costco or Walmart more than they — or as much as — they trust the brand, then the value of having the brand moves over to the retailer from the product itself.

M2012-062 | 2012 | Yeah. Generally speaking, it pays to stay away from declining businesses. It’s very hard. You’d be amazed at the offerings of businesses we get where they say, you know, it’s — I don’t want to upset Charlie, but they say, you know, it’s only six times EBITDA, and then they project some future that doesn’t have any meaning whatsoever. If you really think a business is declining, most of the time you should avoid it. [...] The real money is going to be made by being in growing businesses, and that’s where the focus should be.

M2019-015 | 2019 | You can turn any investment into a bad deal by paying too much. What you can’t do is turn any investment into a good deal by paying little, which is sort of how I started out in this world. But the idea of buying the cigar butts that are declining or poor businesses for a bargain price is not something that we try to do anymore. We try to buy good businesses at a decent price. And we made a mistake on the Kraft part of Kraft Heinz.

L2014-009 | 2014 | But a major weakness in this approach gradually became apparent: Cigar-butt investing was scalable only to a point. With large sums, it would never work well. In addition, though marginal businesses purchased at cheap prices may be attractive as short-term investments, they are the wrong foundation on which to build a large and enduring enterprise. Selecting a marriage partner clearly requires more demanding criteria than does dating.

L2007-005 | 2007 | Our criterion of "enduring" causes us to rule out companies in industries prone to rapid and continuous change. Though capitalism's "creative destruction" is highly beneficial for society, it precludes investment certainty. A moat that must be continuously rebuilt will eventually be no moat at all.

M2008-031 | 2008 | Yeah. You’ve got to remember that it’s the nature of things that most small businesses will never be big businesses. It’s also in the nature of things that most small — most big businesses — eventually fall into mediocrity or worse. So it’s a tough game out there.

M2012-108 | 2012 | Yeah. We have found in a long life that one competitor is frequently enough to ruin a business.

L2000-017 | 2000 | Despite State Farm's strengths, however, GEICO has much the better business model, one that embodies significantly lower operating costs. And, when a company is selling a product with commodity-like economic characteristics, being the low-cost producer is all-important. This enduring competitive advantage of GEICO [...] is the reason that over time it will inevitably increase its market share significantly while simultaneously achieving excellent profits.

M1999-108 | 1999 | But that — there’s no formula that gives you that precisely, you know, that says that the moat is 28 feet wide and 16 feet deep, you know, or anything of the sort. You have to understand the businesses. [...] And that what really tells you something is if you know how to figure out how wide the moat is and whether it’s likely to widen further or shrink on you.

L2005-010 | 2005 | Every day, in countless ways, the competitive position of each of our businesses grows either weaker or stronger. If we are delighting customers, eliminating unnecessary costs and improving our products and services, we gain strength. But if we treat customers with indifference or tolerate bloat, our businesses will wither. On a daily basis, the effects of our actions are imperceptible; cumulatively, though, their consequences are enormous. When our long-term competitive position improves as a result of these almost unnoticeable actions, we describe the phenomenon as "widening the moat."

M2000-014 | 2000 | Well, we think of business risk in terms of what can happen — say five, 10, 15 years from now — that will destroy, or modify, or reduce the economic strengths that we perceive currently exist in a business. In some businesses that’s very — it’s impossible — to figure — at least it’s impossible for us to figure — and then we just — we don’t even think about it then.

L1996-031 | 1996 | Leadership alone provides no certainties:  Witness the shocks some years back at General Motors, IBM and Sears, all of which had enjoyed long periods of seeming invincibility.  Though some industries or lines of business exhibit characteristics that endow leaders with virtually insurmountable advantages, and that tend to establish Survival of the Fattest as almost a natural law, most do not.  Thus, for every Inevitable, there are dozens of Impostors, companies now riding high but vulnerable to competitive attacks.

L1995-022 | 1995 | That means we at least maintained, and in some instances widened, our competitive superiority. [...] In other words, though the turn has not yet occurred, we believe you should view last year's figures as reflecting a cyclical problem, not a secular one.

L1995-023 | 1995 | In the 1991 Annual Report, I explained that newspapers had lost a notch in their economic attractiveness from the days when they appeared to have a bullet-proof franchise.  Today, the industry retains its excellent economics, but has lost still another notch.  Over time, we expect the competitive strength of newspapers to gradually erode, though the industry should nevertheless remain a fine business for many years to come.

M2012-106 | 2012 | It’s very — there are some industries that are just never going to have barriers to entry. And in those industries, you better be running very fast because there are a lot of other people that are going to be running and looking at what you’re doing and trying to figure out, you know, what your weakness is or what they can do a little bit better. You really — you know, a great barrier to entry, you know, is something like this. If you gave me 10, 20, $30 billion and told me to go in and try and knock off the Coca-Cola Company with some new cola drink, I wouldn’t have the faintest idea how to do it.

M2007-117 | 2007 | really, I bought into an airline — he came along and tried to rescue me — some years ago that had very high seat mile costs and it had protected routes — US Airways — so it was able to operate with 12 cents a seat mile of cost because Southwest hadn’t gotten there yet with their 8 cent costs. But they get there. And you do not want to have something whose competitive position is going to erode over time.

M2001-070 | 2001 | No, I would argue that the old moats, some of them are getting filled in. And the new moats are harder to predict than some of the old moats. No, I would say it’s getting harder.

M2009-106 | 2009 | Yeah, unfortunately, a lot of moats have been filling up with sand lately, you know, the daily newspaper, the network television station, all these castles with their lovely moats. The moats are filling up.

M1995-051 | 1995 | No, the first question is, can I understand it? And unless it’s going to be in a business that I think I can understand, there’s no sense looking at it. [...] And then the second question is, you know, does it look like it has good economics? Has it earned high returns on capital? You know, does it strike me as something that’s likely to do that? And then I sort of go from there.

M2000-037 | 2000 | The answer is we will never buy anything we don’t think we understand. And our definition of understanding is thinking that we have a reasonable probability of being able to asses where the business will be in 10 years.

M2012-065 | 2012 | I think I would describe it as we try to stay away from the things, to start with, that we don’t understand. And when I say don’t understand, it isn’t that I don’t understand, you know, what a certain business does. But when I say understand, it means that I think I have a reasonably — a reasonable fix on about what the earning power and competitive position will look like in five or 10 years. So I’ve got some notion of how the industry will develop and where the company will stand within the industry. Well, that eliminates a whole bunch of things. And then, beyond that, if the price is crazy, even though I understand it, that eliminates another bunch.

M2011-014 | 2011 | it struck me as a business I didn’t know anything about, initially. You know, you’re talking about petroleum additives. I never would understand the chemistry of it, but I — but that’s not necessarily vital. What is important is that I understand the economic dynamics of the industry. Is there — are there competitive moats? Is there ease of entry? All of that sort of thing.

M2002-092 | 2002 | I would say this, if you have doubts about something being into your circle of competence, it isn’t. [...] You can certainly understand Walmart. That doesn’t mean whether you decide whether the price — what the price should be — but you understand Walmart. You can understand Costco. And if you get to something that your friend is buying, or that everybody says a lot of money’s going to be made, and you don’t — you’re not sure whether you understand it or not, you don’t.

M1998-044 | 1998 | But I would, you know, if I were teaching a course on investments, there would be simply one valuation study after another with the students, trying to identify the key variables in that particular business, and evaluating how predictable they were first, because that is the first step. If something is not very predictable, forget it. You know, you don’t have to be right about every company. You have to make a few good decisions in your lifetime. But then when you find — the important thing is to know when you find one where you really do know the key variables — which ones are important — and you do think you’ve got a fix on them.

M2008-033 | 2008 | In the case you lay out, the first question you’d have to make is do I understand enough about this business so that the financial statements will tell me the information that’s useful to me in making a judgment about what the future financial statements are going to look like. And in many cases, the answer would be no. Probably in a great majority of the cases it would be no.

M2000-105 | 2000 | And they would not want to put down on paper their predictions about where 10 companies you would choose in the tech field would be in 10 years, in terms of their economics. They would say, “That’s too hard.”

M2006-076 | 2006 | You don’t pay attention to things that are unimportant. I mean, what you’re looking for is something — things that are important and knowable. If something’s important but unknowable, forget it. [...] In focusing on business and investment decisions, you try to think — you narrow it down to the things that are knowable and important, and then you decide whether you have information of sufficient value that — you know, compared to price and all that — that will cause you to act. What others are doing means nothing.

M2012-067 | 2012 | And we also — you know, there’s industries we know that may have a wonderful future, but we don’t have the faintest idea who the winners will be, so we don’t think about those, either. So there’s a whole lot of things we don’t think about. And we have a — Charlie and I have a number of filters that things have to get through very quickly before we’re willing to think about them.

M2008-086 | 2008 | But the most important thing is that anything that gets through is in an area of knowledge. And the truth is, if we can’t make a decision in five minutes, we can’t make it in five months. You know, we’re not going to learn enough in the followings five months to make up for the fact that we went in deficient in the first place.

M1998-008 | 1998 | But the question of technology is very simple. That doesn’t make it through our filter. I mean, so if something comes in where there’s a technological component that’s of significance, or where we think the future technology could hurt the business as it presently exists, we look at, you know, we look at that as something to worry about. We will — it won’t make it through the filter. We want things that we can understand, which filters out a lot of things. (Laughter) And we want them to be good businesses, and we want the people to be people we’re very comfortable with. That means ability and integrity.

M2012-109 | 2012 | Well, I did find that out. I started with a gas station out at 30th and Redick here in Omaha, and we had a Phillips station next to it. I had a Sinclair station. And you know, whatever he charged for gas was my price. (Laughs) I didn’t have much choice. You don’t like to be in a business like that.

M2023-079 | 2023 | I mean, I had a gasoline station when I was 21 or 22, and it’s about three or four, four or five miles from here. And we had one competitor. And he determined our profit, because we looked at his price every day. And if we cut the price he’d match it, and we couldn’t raise the price. And he did twice the gallonage, so he won. And there’s just basic business problems that you see with certain industries that you don’t see with the other.

M2024-013 | 2024 | And we now have a recognition that we didn’t have back when Leo Goodwin started it in 1936, but the same principle that worked then is that if you can offer somebody a good product cheaper than the other guy then everybody practically has to buy it.

M2010-053 | 2010 | But when I look at the figures being down — I don’t know, I forget what it was now — 30 or 40,000, you know, in a year, it doesn’t work very well as that goes along, because the advertiser just does not need you the same way as they needed you 10 or 15 years ago. So your ability to price evaporates in them.

