 
 424B7
 1
 ea0304524-424b7_soundhound.htm
 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT
 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(7) 
 Registration No. 333-295779 
 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 (to Prospectus dated May 11, 2026) 
 36,894,839 Shares of Class A Common Stock 
 This prospectus supplement
relates to an aggregate of 36,894,839 shares of our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Common Stock”), that
are being registered to satisfy certain registration rights pursuant to that certain registration rights agreement, among the Company
and the holders of Secured Notes (defined below), dated September 4, 2026 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”). These shares
of Common Stock may be offered from time to time by the selling securityholders identified in the “Selling Securityholders”
section of this prospectus supplement (the “selling securityholders”). We will not receive any of the proceeds from any such
sales and have agreed to pay certain registration expenses.
 This registration relates to
36,894,839 shares of Common Stock issued in connection with that certain notes restructuring agreement, dated as of April 21, 2026 (the
“Notes Restructuring Agreement”), by and among us, LivePerson, Inc. (“LivePerson”) and each of the holders of
LivePerson’s First Lien Convertible Secured Notes due 2029 and LivePerson’s Second Lien Senior Subordinated Secured Notes
due 2029 (collectively, the “Secured Notes”). The Notes Restructuring Agreement was entered into concurrently with the execution
by the Company of the Merger Agreement with LivePerson, and provides, among other things, that the holders of the Secured Notes will release
and deem satisfied the Secured Notes in exchange for shares of Common Stock. These shares of Common Stock are being registered pursuant
to the registration rights we granted to such selling securityholders in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 The selling securityholders
may offer and sell from time to time, together or separately, the Common Stock described in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods.
See “Plan of Distribution” for more information. No securities may be sold without delivery of this prospectus supplement
and the accompanying prospectus describing the method and terms of the offering of such securities.
 Our Common Stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “SOUN.” On August 31, 2026, the last reported sale price of our
Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $7.16 per share.
 Investing in our securities
involves risks. See the “ Risk Factors ” on page S-2 of this prospectus supplement, in the similar section contained
in the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement concerning factors you should
consider before investing in our securities. 
 Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or
accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
 The date of this prospectus supplement is September
4, 2026. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT | 
 S-ii | 
 TRADEMARKS | 
 S-iii | 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION
 BY REFERENCE | 
 S-iv | 
 THE COMPANY | 
 S-1 | 
 RISK FACTORS | 
 S-2 | 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 
 S-3 | 
 USE OF PROCEEDS | 
 S-4 | 
 SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS | 
 S-5 | 
 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 
 S-9 | 
 LEGAL MATTERS | 
 S-13 | 
 EXPERTS | 
 S-13 | 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 About This Prospectus | 
 ii | 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 
 iii | 
 Prospectus Summary | 
 1 | 
 Risk Factors | 
 6 | 
 Use of Proceeds | 
 7 | 
 Plan Of Distribution | 
 8 | 
 Description of Securities We May Offer | 
 11 | 
 Form of Securities | 
 22 | 
 Legal Matters | 
 23 | 
 Experts | 
 23 | 
 Where You Can Find Additional Information | 
 23 | 
 Incorporation of Documents By Reference | 
 24 | 
 S- i 
 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 This prospectus supplement
is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, which became automatically
effective upon filing, utilizing a “shelf” registration process, and relates to the offering of our Common Stock. Before buying
any of the Common Stock that the selling securityholders are offering, we urge you to carefully read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus and all of the information incorporated by reference herein and therein, as well as the additional information described under
the heading “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” These documents contain important information
that you should consider when making your investment decision.
 We and the selling securityholders
provide information to you about this offering of our Common Stock in two separate documents that are bound together: (1) this prospectus
supplement, which describes the specific details regarding this offering and also adds to and updates information contained in the documents
incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement; and (2) the accompanying prospectus, which provides general information, some
of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer to this “prospectus,” we are referring to both documents
combined. If information in this prospectus supplement is inconsistent with the accompanying prospectus, you should rely on this prospectus
supplement. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the
information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, on the other hand, you should rely on the
information in this prospectus supplement. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document
having a later date—for example, a document incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement—the statement in the document
having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement.
 You should rely only on the
information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing
prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with this offering. We have not, and the selling securityholders have not, authorized
anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely
on it. We and the selling securityholders take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other
information that others may give you. We are not, and the selling securityholders are not, making an offer to sell these securities in
any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted or in which the person making that offer or solicitation is not qualified to
do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus
supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any free writing prospectus that
we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. You should read this prospectus supplement,
the accompanying prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized
for use in connection with this offering, in their entirety before making an investment decision.
 The distribution of this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the offering of the Common Stock in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons
outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus must inform themselves
about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the Common Stock and the distribution of this prospectus supplement and
the accompanying prospectus outside the United States. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus do not constitute, and
may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer
or solicitation.
 We further note that the representations,
warranties and covenants made by us or the selling securityholders in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including,
in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to such agreements, and should not be deemed to be a representation,
warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly,
such representations, warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs.
 When we refer to “SoundHound,”
“we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” and “our company” in this prospectus supplement,
we mean SoundHound AI, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean
the holders of, and potential investors in, our Common Stock.
 S- ii 
 TRADEMARKS 
 We have proprietary rights
to trademarks used in this prospectus supplement that are important to our business, many of which are registered under applicable intellectual
property laws. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus supplement may appear without the “®”
or “™” symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest
extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not
intend our use or display of other companies’ trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement
or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in this prospectus
supplement is the property of its respective holder.
 S- iii 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION
BY REFERENCE 
 Available Information 
 We file reports, proxy statements
and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is https://www.sec.gov.
 Our website address is https://www.soundhound.com.
The information contained on, or accessible through, our website does not constitute part of this prospectus supplement. We have included
our website address in this prospectus supplement solely as an inactive textual reference.
 This prospectus supplement
is part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and does not contain all of the information in the registration statement.
The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided below. Documents establishing the terms of the offered
securities are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement.
Statements in this prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference
to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters.
You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above.
 Incorporation by Reference 
 The SEC’s rules allow
us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus supplement, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part
of this prospectus supplement, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede that information.
Any statement contained in this prospectus supplement or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified
or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus supplement or a subsequently
filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement.
 This prospectus supplement
incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC, but excluding any information furnished
to, rather than filed with, the SEC:
 | ● | Our
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on March
 2, 2026; | 
 | ● | Our
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2026 and June 30, 2026, filed
 with the SEC on May 11, 2026 and August 10, 2026 , respectively; | 
 | ● | Our
 Current Reports on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on November 17, 2025 and on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on March 18, 2026 , April 21, 2026 , May 27, 2026 , July 2, 2026 , July 13, 2026 ,
 July 24, 2026 , and September 2, 2026 ; | 
 | ● | The
 section entitled “Risk Factors” in our proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4/A 
 filed with the SEC on July 8, 2026; and | 
 | ● | The
 description of our Common Stock and warrants contained in our Registration Statement on Form
 8-A filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021 and the Description of Securities filed as Exhibit
 4.5 to our Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including any amendments or reports
 filed for the purpose of updating such information. | 
 S- iv 
 All reports and other documents
we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”) prior to the termination of this offering but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will
also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and deemed to be part of this prospectus supplement from the date of
the filing of such reports and documents.
 You may request a free copy
of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement by writing or telephoning us at the following address:
 SoundHound AI, Inc.
 5400 Betsy Ross Drive
 Santa Clara, CA 95054
 Attention: Corporate Secretary
 (408) 441-3200
 Exhibits to the filings will
not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement.
 S- v 
 THE COMPANY 
 Overview 
 SoundHound AI, Inc. is a global
leader in voice and conversational AI, delivering solutions that allow businesses to offer superior experiences to their customers. Built
on proprietary technology, SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous languages to product
creators and service providers across retail, financial services, healthcare, automotive, telecom, smart devices, and restaurants. SoundHound’s
groundbreaking AI-driven products include Smart Answering, Smart Ordering, Dynamic Drive-Thru, and the Amelia Platform, which powers
AI Agents for enterprise. In addition, SoundHound’s Agentic AI for Automotive and Autonomics, a category-leading operations
platform that automates IT processes, has enabled SoundHound to power millions of products and services, and process billions of interactions
each year for world-class businesses.
 Corporate Information 
 SoundHound AI, Inc. is incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive office is located at 5400 Betsy Ross Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054,
and our telephone number is (408) 441-3200. Our website address is https://www.soundhound.com. The information contained on, or that can
be accessed from, our website does not form part of this prospectus supplement. References to our website address do not constitute incorporation
by reference of the information contained on the website, and the information contained on the website is not part of this prospectus
supplement or any other document that we file with or furnish to the SEC.
 S- 1 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Investment in the Common
Stock offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus involves risks. Before deciding whether to invest
in our Common Stock, you should carefully consider the risk factors below and the risk factors incorporated by reference to our most
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4/A
filed with the SEC on July 8, 2026 and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference
into this prospectus supplement, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information
contained in any applicable free writing prospectus. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your
investment in the Common Stock offered. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other
factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of
future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of these risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be seriously harmed. This could cause the
trading price of our Common Stock to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Please also carefully read the section
entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. For more information about our SEC filings,
please see “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” 
 You may experience future
dilution as a result of future equity offerings or the exercise of our outstanding options and warrants, or settlement of our restricted
stock units. 
 In order to raise additional
capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our
Common Stock. We may sell shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock in any
other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in any offering pursuant to this prospectus
supplement. Further, the exercise of our outstanding options and warrants, or settlement of our restricted stock units, may adversely
affect our stock price. To the extent warrants or options are exercised, or our restricted stock units settle, additional shares of Common
Stock will be issued and outstanding, which will dilute existing stockholders. Our stock price may also be affected due to sales of a
large number of shares of our Common Stock or the perception that such sales could occur. These factors also could make it more difficult
to raise funds through future offerings of our securities and could adversely impact the terms under which we could obtain additional
equity capital. Exercise of our outstanding options and warrants, or settlement of restricted stock units, or any future issuance of additional
shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities, including but not limited to options, warrants, restricted stock units or other
derivative securities convertible into our Common Stock, may result in significant dilution to our stockholders and may decrease our stock
price.
 Fluctuations in the price
of our Common Stock, including as a result of actual or anticipated sales of shares by us and/or our directors, officers or stockholders,
may make our Common Stock more difficult to resell. 
 The market price and trading
volume of our Common Stock may be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions, but also to changes
in sentiment in the market regarding the industry in which we operate, our operations, business prospects or liquidity, or sales of our
securities, including pursuant to this prospectus supplement. In addition to the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports and in
this prospectus supplement, the price and volume volatility of our Common Stock may be affected by actual or anticipated sales of Common
Stock by us and/or our directors, officers or stockholders, including the selling securityholders, whether in the market, in connection
with business transactions, in this offering or in subsequent public offerings. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common
Stock by the selling securityholders, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Common
Stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital through future offerings of our securities. Stock markets in general have
at times experienced extreme volatility unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations
may adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating results.
 As a result, these fluctuations
in the market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may make it difficult to predict the market price of our Common Stock in the
future, cause the value of your investment to decline and make it more difficult to resell our Common Stock.
 S- 2 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 This prospectus supplement,
the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain or may contain “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), Section 21E of the Exchange
Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For all forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe
harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements
of historical fact contained in this prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including statements regarding
future events, our future financial performance, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including “anticipates,”
“believes,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,”
“intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “should,”
or “will” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The following factors, among others, could cause
actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: our ability
to execute our business strategy, including launching new product offerings and expanding information and technology capabilities; our
market opportunity and our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers; the timing and impact of our growth initiatives
on our future financial performance; our ability to integrate the businesses and operations from our recent acquisitions with our current
operations to realize the expected benefits of those acquisitions; our ability to close our pending acquisition of LivePerson; our ability
to protect intellectual property and trade secrets; our ability to obtain additional capital, as necessary, including equity or debt financing,
on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; changes in applicable laws or regulations and extensive and evolving government regulations
that impact our operations and business; our ability to attract or maintain a qualified workforce; level of product service failures that
could lead our customers to use competitors’ services; investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and/or
other regulatory or legal proceedings, including with respect to our AI technology; risks relating to uncertainty of our estimates of
market opportunity and forecasts of market growth; the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or
competitive factors; and other risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of Part II and elsewhere in our Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2025, as further updated in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” in Item 2 of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2026
and June 30, 2026, in our subsequent filings with the SEC and in this prospectus supplement.
 Although we do not make forward-looking
statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under “Risk Factors” or
elsewhere in this prospectus supplement or the documents incorporated by reference herein, which may cause our or our industry’s
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to vary materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact
of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
 Any forward-looking statements
made herein speak only as of the date of this prospectus supplement, and you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
that the future results, performance, or achievements reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. Except
as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date
of this prospectus supplement or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations.
 S- 3 
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 We will not receive any of
the proceeds from the sale of Common Stock being offered by the selling securityholders.
 S- 4 
 SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS 
 The selling securityholders
identified in the table below may, from time to time, offer and sell up to 36,894,839 shares of Common Stock offered by this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus. When we refer to the selling securityholders identified in the table below, we mean the entities
identified in the table, and the donees, pledgees, transferees, assignees, designees, distributees or other successors-in-interest who
after the date of this prospectus supplement come to hold any of such selling securityholders’ respective interests in our Common
Stock other than through a public sale.
 The possible resale from time
to time of our Common Stock by the selling securityholders identified in the table below relates to 36,894,839 shares of our Common Stock
issued in connection with the Notes Restructuring Agreement. The Notes Restructuring Agreement was entered into concurrently with the
execution by the Company of the Merger Agreement with LivePerson, and provides, among other things, that the holders of the Secured Notes
will release and deem satisfied the Secured Notes in exchange for shares of Common Stock. These shares of Common Stock are being registered
pursuant to the registration rights we granted to such selling securityholders in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 The following table sets forth
information as of September 4, 2026, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock held by the selling securityholders identified
below, and the number of shares of our Common Stock that may from time to time be offered or sold by the selling securityholders pursuant
to this prospectus supplement. We have prepared the following table based on information given to us by, or on behalf of, the selling
securityholders identified below on or before the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock held by such
selling securityholders.
 We have not independently verified
this information, and this information may change from time to time and any changed information will be set forth in amendments or supplements
to this prospectus supplement, if and when necessary. The selling securityholders identified below may offer all, some or none of their
Common Stock, and we cannot advise you as to whether they will in fact sell any or all of such Common Stock. In addition, the selling
securityholders identified below may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, or may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, at
any time and from time to time, our Common Stock in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act after
the date on which they provided the information set forth in the table below.
 The number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by each selling securityholder is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is
not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any Common Stock
over which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 411,576,753
shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of August 31, 2026. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property
laws, the persons identified in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Common Stock held by that person.
The information regarding Common Stock beneficially owned after the offering assumes the sale of all Common Stock offered by the selling
securityholders identified below, and that such selling securityholders do not acquire any additional Common Stock or additional securities
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into additional Common Stock. Information in the table below is based on information filed with
the SEC or obtained from the persons identified below.
 S- 5 
 Beneficial Ownership of
Class A Common Stock Prior to
this Prospectus Supplement | 
 Maximum Number of
Class A Common Stock
Subject to
Resale Pursuant to this
Prospectus Supplement | 
 Beneficial Ownership 
After Resale of All 
Class A Common Stock
Subject to Resale
Pursuant to
this Prospectus Supplement | 
 Selling Securityholders | 
 Number | 
 % | 
 Number | 
 Number | 
 % | 
 Lynrock Lake Master Fund LP (1) | 
 25,142,335 | 
 6.1 | 
 25,142,335 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Aequim Arbitrage Master Fund LP (2) | 
 280,823 | 
 * | 
 280,823 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 DS Liquid Div RVA AEQ LLC (2) | 
 43,071 | 
 * | 
 43,071 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund (3) | 
 602,995 | 
 * | 
 602,995 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Calamos Global Convertible Fund (4) | 
 18,372 | 
 * | 
 18,372 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Calamos Global Convertible Fund (sub fund of GemCap Investment Funds (Ireland) plc) (5) | 
 85,680 | 
 * | 
 85,680 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (6) | 
 6,030 | 
 * | 
 6,030 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Oblate International Pastoral Investment Trust (7) | 
 2,078 | 
 * | 
 2,078 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (8) | 
 953,933 | 
 * | 
 575,912 | 
 378,021 | 
 * | 
 Davidson Kempner Arbitrage, Equities and Relative Value LP (9) | 
 2,181,631 | 
 * | 
 2,181,631 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 M.H. Davidson & Co. (9) | 
 66,674 | 
 * | 
 66,674 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Linden Capital L.P. (10) | 
 3,429,080 | 
 * | 
 3,424,079 | 
 5,001 | 
 * | 
 Crown Managed Accounts SPC acting for and on behalf of Crown/Linden Segregated Portfolio (11) | 
 84,316 | 
 * | 
 84,316 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 PCH Manager Fund, SPC. solely on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio 214 (11) | 
 104,680 | 
 * | 
 104,680 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Opti Opportunity Master Fund, LP (12) | 
 880,372 | 
 * | 
 880,372 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Eagle Harbor Multi Strategy Master Fund, LTD (12) | 
 275,655 | 
 * | 
 275,655 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Chi-Rho Multi-Strategy Master Fund, Ltd (12) | 
 44,794 | 
 * | 
 44,794 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Silverback Master Fund Limited (13) | 
 267,109 | 
 * | 
 267,109 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Blackwell Partners LLC_Series B (13) | 
 478,329 | 
 * | 
 478,329 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 KASAD 2, L.P. (13) | 
 613,643 | 
 * | 
 613,643 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (14) | 
 1,378,825 | 
 * | 
 1,378,825 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 Palogic Value Fund, LP (15) | 
 337,436 | 
 * | 
 337,436 | 
 — | 
 * | 
 * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1% of our Class
A Common Stock. | 
 (1) | Shares held directly by Lynrock Lake Master Fund LP (“Lynrock
Lake Master”). Lynrock Lake LP (the “Investment Manager”) is the investment manager of Lynrock Lake Master and, pursuant
to an investment management agreement, the Investment Manager has been delegated full voting and investment power over the shares held
by Lynrock Lake Master. Cynthia Paul is the Chief Investment Officer of the Investment Manager and the Sole Member of Lynrock Lake Partners
LLC, the general partner of the Investment Manager, and may be deemed to exercise voting and investment power over the shares held by
Lynrock Lake Master. The address of the foregoing entities is c/o Lynrock Lake LP, 2 International Drive, Suite 130, Rye Brook, New York
10573. | 
 (2) | Aequim Alternative Investments LP is the general partner of
Aequim Arbitrage Master Fund LP and the investment advisor to DS Liquid Div RVA AEQ LLC. Franklin Parlamis, David Goldstein, Paul Wanveer
and Eric White share dispositive and voting power with respect to the shares held by Aequim Arbitrage Master Fund LP and DS Liquid Div
RVA AEQ LLC. The address of Aequim Alternative Investments LP is Two Belvedere Place, Suite 250, Mill Valley, CA 94941. | 
 (3) | Mr. John P. Calamos, Sr. is the Founder and Global CIO and a
control person of Calamos Advisors LLC, the registered investment adviser for Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, and may be deemed to
possess voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable investment management agreement. Mr. Calamos disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his
pecuniary interest therein. Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund is an affiliate of Calamos Financial Services LLC, a limited-purpose registered
broker-dealer that serves as the distributor for the Calamos registered open-end and closed-end investment companies; Calamos Financial
Services LLC and Calamos Advisors LLC are under common control within the Calamos organization. The address of the principal business
office of Calamos Advisors LLC is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. | 
 S- 6 
 (4) | 
 Mr. John P. Calamos, Sr. is the Founder and Global CIO and a control person of Calamos Advisors LLC, the registered investment adviser for Calamos Global Convertible Fund, and may be deemed to possess voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Calamos Global Convertible Fund, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable investment management agreement. Mr. Calamos disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Calamos Global Convertible Fund is an affiliate of Calamos Financial Services LLC, a limited-purpose registered broker-dealer that serves as the distributor for the Calamos registered open-end and closed-end investment companies; Calamos Financial Services LLC and Calamos Advisors LLC are under common control within the Calamos organization. The address of the principal business office of Calamos Advisors LLC is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. | 
 (5) | 
 Mr. John P. Calamos, Sr. is the Founder and Global CIO and a control person of Calamos Advisors LLC, the registered investment adviser for Calamos Global Convertible Fund (sub fund of GemCap Investment Funds (Ireland) plc), and may be deemed to possess voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Calamos Global Convertible Fund (sub fund of GemCap Investment Funds (Ireland) plc), subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable investment management agreement. Mr. Calamos disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Calamos Global Convertible Fund (sub fund of GemCap Investment Funds (Ireland) plc) is an affiliate of Calamos Financial Services LLC, a limited-purpose registered broker-dealer that serves as the distributor for the Calamos registered open-end and closed-end investment companies; Calamos Financial Services LLC and Calamos Advisors LLC are under common control within the Calamos organization. The address of the principal business office of Calamos Advisors LLC is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. | 
 (6) | 
 Mr. John P. Calamos, Sr. is the Founder and Global CIO and a control person of Calamos Advisors LLC, the registered investment adviser for Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund, and may be deemed to possess voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable investment management agreement. Mr. Calamos disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund is an affiliate of Calamos Financial Services LLC, a limited-purpose registered broker-dealer that serves as the distributor for the Calamos registered open-end and closed-end investment companies; Calamos Financial Services LLC and Calamos Advisors LLC are under common control within the Calamos organization. The address of the principal business office of Calamos Advisors LLC is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. | 
 (7) | 
 Mr. John P. Calamos, Sr. is the Founder and Global CIO and a control person of Calamos Advisors LLC, the registered investment adviser for Oblate International Pastoral Investment Trust, and may be deemed to possess dispositive power over the securities held by Oblate International Pastoral Investment Trust, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable investment management agreement. Voting authority over such securities is retained by Oblate International Pastoral Investment Trust. Mr. Calamos disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Oblate International Pastoral Investment Trust is an affiliate of Calamos Financial Services LLC, a limited-purpose registered broker-dealer that serves as the distributor for the Calamos registered open-end and closed-end investment companies; Calamos Financial Services LLC and Calamos Advisors LLC are under common control within the Calamos organization. The address of the principal business office of Calamos Advisors LLC is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. | 
 (8) | 
 As of August 17, 2026, D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (i) beneficially owns 621 shares of Class A common stock and 377,400 shares of Class A common stock that D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. has the right to acquire through the exercise of listed call options, and (ii) pursuant to the Notes Exchange, has the right to acquire the number of Holder Shares determined in accordance with the Notes Restructuring Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2026, by and among LivePerson, Inc., SoundHound AI, Inc., and the Holders party thereto, in exchange for $5,921,846 in aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Secured Notes ((i) and (ii) hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Valence Subject Shares”). D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. has the power to vote or to direct the vote of (and the power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the Valence Subject Shares directly owned by it. D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P. (“DESCO LP”), as the investment adviser of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) the Valence Subject Shares held by D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. D. E. Shaw & Co., L.L.C. (“DESCO LLC”), as the manager of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) such Valence Subject Shares. Edwin Jager, Maximilian Stone, Adam Deaton and Anoop Prasad, or their designees, exercise voting and investment control over such Valence Subject Shares on each of DESCO LP’s and DESCO LLC’s behalf. D. E. Shaw & Co., Inc. (“DESCO Inc.”), as general partner of DESCO LP, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) such Valence Subject Shares. D. E. Shaw & Co. II, Inc. (“DESCO II Inc.”), as managing member of DESCO LLC, may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) such Valence Subject Shares. None of DESCO LP, DESCO LLC, DESCO Inc., or DESCO II Inc. owns any shares of the Company directly, and each such entity disclaims beneficial ownership of such Valence Subject Shares. Dr. David E. Shaw does not own any shares of the Company directly. By virtue of Dr. Shaw’s position as President and sole shareholder of DESCO Inc., which is the general partner of DESCO LP, and by virtue of Dr. Shaw’s position as President and sole shareholder of DESCO II Inc., which is the managing member of DESCO LLC, Dr. Shaw may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of (and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of) such Valence Subject Shares and, therefore, Dr. Shaw may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such Valence Subject Shares. Dr. Shaw disclaims beneficial ownership of such Valence Subject Shares. The address of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. is c/o D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P., Two Manhattan West, 375 Ninth Avenue, 52nd Floor, New York, NY 10001. | 
 (9) | 
 M.H. Davidson & Co. GP, L.L.C. (“CO GP”) is the general partner of M.H. Davidson & Co. (“CO”), and Davidson Kempner Liquid GP Topco LLC (“Liquid GP Topco”) is the managing member of CO GP. Davidson Kempner Multi-Strategy GP II LLC (“DKAERV GP”) is the general partner of Davidson Kempner Arbitrage, Equities and Relative Value LP (“DKAERV” and together with CO, the “DK Holders”), and Liquid GP Topco is the managing member of DKAERV GP. Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP (“DKCM”) acts as investment manager to each of the DK Holders. DKCM GP LLC is the general partner of DKCM. The partners of DKCM are Anthony A. Yoseloff, Patrick W. Dennis, Gabriel T. Schwartz, Chris Krishanthan, James Li, Zachary Z. Altschuler, Conor Bastable, Morgan P. Blackwell, Daniel Boehm, Suzanne K. Gibbons, Zachary Gozali, Melanie Levine, Joshua D. Morris, Punit Patel, Michael Chiaramonte, Gregory Feldman, Romain Ferron, Sona Gohel, Jeffery Hurwitz, Vince Ortiz and Andrew Tan. Mr. Anthony A. Yoseloff, through DKCM, is responsible for the voting and investment decisions relating to the securities held by the DK Holders. The address of the DK Holders is 9 West 57 th Street, 29 th Floor, New York, NY 10019. | 
 S- 7 
 (10) | The first column of this table consists of (i) 3,424,079 shares of
Class A common stock beneficially owned by Linden Capital L.P. that are being registered for resale herein, and (ii) 5,001 shares of Class
A common stock beneficially owned by Linden Capital L.P. Linden Advisors LP is an investment manager for the beneficial owners of Linden
Capital L.P. Siu Min (Joe) Wong, the principal owner and the controlling person of Linden Advisors LP, shares voting and dispositive power
with respect to the securities listed above next to Linden Capital L.P. The address of Linden Advisors LP is 590 Madison Avenue, 32nd
Floor, New York, NY 10022. | 
 (11) | 
 Linden Advisors LP is an investment manager for the beneficial owners of Crown Managed Accounts SPC acting for
and on behalf of Crown/Linden Segregated Portfolio and PCH Manager Fund, SPC. solely on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio
214. Siu Min (Joe) Wong, the principal owner and the controlling person of Linden Advisors LP, shares voting and dispositive power with
respect to the securities listed above next to Crown Managed Accounts SPC acting for and on behalf of Crown/Linden Segregated Portfolio
and PCH Manager Fund, SPC. solely on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio 214. The address of Linden Advisors LP is 590
Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10022. | 
 (12) | Opti Opportunity Associates is the general partner of Opti Capital
Management, LP and Xiuping Li has dispositive and voting power with respect to the shares held by Opti Opportunity Master Fund, LP, Eagle
Harbor Multi Strategy Master Fund, LTD and Chi-Rho Multi-Strategy Master Fund, Ltd as the managing member of Opti Opportunity Associates.
The address of Opti Capital Management, LP is 120 West 45th St., Suite 3005, New York, NY 10036. | 
 (13) | Robert Barron, Chief Investment Officer and Investment Manager of Silverback
Asset Management, LLC, has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by Silverback Master Fund Limited, Blackwell Partners
LLC_Series B and KASAD 2, L.P. Mr. Barron disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. The address of Silverback Asset Management, LLC
is 555 S. Mangum, Suite 910, Durham, NC 27701. | 
 (14) | Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. serves as the investment
adviser for Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. and therefore may be deemed to share voting and investment power with respect to these
shares in such capacity. Tenor Management GP, LLC is the general partner of Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. and Robin R. Shah
is the sole managing member of Tenor Management GP, LLC. As such, Mr. Shah may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares.
The address of Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. is c/o Tenor Capital Management, 810 7th Avenue, Suite 1905, New York, NY 10019. | 
 (15) | Palogic Value Management, L.P. (“Palogic Value Management”)
is the general partner of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned by, Palogic Value Fund. Palogic Capital Management,
LLC (“Palogic Capital Management”) is the general partner of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities beneficially
owned by, Palogic Value Management. Mr. Vardeman is the sole member of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities beneficially
owned by, Palogic Capital Management. Mr. Vardeman is also a limited partner in, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned
by, Palogic Value Fund. The address of Palogic Value Fund, LP is 8333 Douglas Ave., Suite 775, Dallas, TX 75225. | 
 S- 8 
 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 The selling securityholders,
including such selling securityholders’ respective donees, pledgees, transferees, assignees, designees, distributees or other successors-in-interest
selling our Common Stock or interests in our Common Stock received after the date of this prospectus supplement from such selling securityholders
as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer other than through a public sale, may sell the offered securities from time
to time, separately or together, covered by this prospectus supplement. Registration of the securities covered by this prospectus supplement
does not mean, however, that those securities necessarily will be offered or sold. To the extent required, this prospectus supplement
may be amended or supplemented from time to time to describe a specific plan of distribution.
 The securities covered by this
prospectus supplement may be sold from time to time, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to market prices,
at a fixed price or prices subject to change or at negotiated prices, by a variety of methods including, but not limited to, the following:
 ● | 
 on any national securities exchange on which our Common Stock may be listed at the time of sale, including the Nasdaq Global Market (including through “at-the-market” offerings); | 
 ● | 
 in the over-the-counter market; | 
 ● | 
 in privately negotiated transactions; | 
 ● | 
 in an exchange distribution and/or secondary distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; | 
 ● | 
 through broker-dealers, who may act as agents or principals; | 
 ● | 
 through the distribution of the securities by any selling securityholder to its partners, members, managers, affiliates, employees, directors or stockholders; | 
 ● | 
 through one or more underwriters for resale to the public or institutional investors; | 
 ● | 
 in a block trade (which may involve crosses) in which a broker-dealer may attempt to sell a block of Common Stock as agent or may position and resell all or a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; | 
 ● | 
 through put or call option transactions relating to our Common Stock; | 
 ● | 
 through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise, and/or the settlement of margin transactions; | 
 ● | 
 in short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus supplement; | 
 ● | 
 directly to one or more purchasers, including through a specific bidding, auction or other process; | 
 ● | 
 through agents to the public or to institutional investors; | 
 ● | 
 directly to institutional investors; | 
 ● | 
 directly to a limited number of purchasers; | 
 ● | 
 through loans or pledges of our Common Stock, including to a broker-dealer or an affiliate thereof; or | 
 ● | 
 through a combination of any of these methods of sale or by any other legally available means. | 
 S- 9 
 In effecting sales, brokers
or dealers engaged by the selling securityholders may arrange for other brokers or dealers to participate. Broker-dealer transactions
may include:
 ● | 
 purchases of our Common Stock by a broker-dealer as principal and resales of our Common Stock by the broker-dealer for its account pursuant to this prospectus supplement; | 
 ● | 
 ordinary brokerage transactions; or | 
 ● | 
 transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers on a best-efforts basis. | 
 To the extent required, this
prospectus supplement may be amended or supplemented from time to time to describe a specific plan of distribution, and, if required,
such amendment or supplement will set forth the aggregate amount of Common Stock covered by this prospectus supplement being offered and
the terms of the offering, including the name or names of any underwriters, dealers, brokers or agents. In addition, to the extent required,
any discounts, commissions, concessions and other items constituting underwriters’ or agents’ compensation, as well as any
discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers, will be set forth in such prospectus supplement. To the
extent required, any such amendment or supplement to this prospectus supplement, and, if necessary, a post-effective amendment to the
registration statement of which this prospectus supplement is a part, will be filed with the SEC to reflect the disclosure of additional
information with respect to the distribution of the Common Stock covered by this prospectus supplement.
 In addition, a selling securityholder
that is an entity may elect to make an in-kind distribution of Common Stock to its members, partners, managers, affiliates or direct or
indirect equityholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement forms a part. Such members, partners,
managers, affiliates or equityholders would thereby receive freely tradeable Common Stock pursuant to the distribution through a registration
statement. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we may file a prospectus
supplement in order to permit the distributees to use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution.
 In addition, upon being notified
by a selling securityholder that a donee, pledgee, distributee, transferee or other successor-in-interest intends to sell securities,
we will, to the extent required, promptly file a supplement to this prospectus supplement to name specifically such person as a selling
securityholder.
 If the selling
securityholders utilize a dealer in the sale of the securities being offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement, the selling
securityholders will sell the securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at
varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. The selling securityholders may also authorize agents or
underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities at the public offering price set
forth in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and
delivery on a specified date in the future. To the extent required, the conditions to these contracts and the commission that the
selling securityholders must pay for solicitation of these contracts will be described in an amendment or supplement to this
prospectus supplement.
 S- 10 
 The selling securityholders
may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some of the Common Stock owned by them and, if a selling securityholder
defaults in the performance of its secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell such Common Stock, as applicable,
from time to time, under this prospectus supplement, or under an amendment or supplement to this prospectus supplement. The selling securityholders
also may transfer our Common Stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors-in-interest will
be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus supplement.
 In connection with the sale
of Common Stock or interests therein, the selling securityholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of our Common Stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling
securityholders may also sell Common Stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge Common
Stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling securityholders may also enter into option or other transactions
with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities that require the delivery to
such broker-dealer or other financial institution of the Common Stock offered by this prospectus supplement, which Common Stock such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus supplement (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).
 The selling securityholders
may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus supplement to third parties
in privately negotiated transactions. In connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus
supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use shares of Common Stock pledged by such selling securityholder
or borrowed from such selling securityholder or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and
may use shares of Common Stock received from such selling securityholder in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open
borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus supplement,
will be identified in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, the selling securityholders may
otherwise loan or pledge shares of Common Stock to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the shares of Common
Stock short using this prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position
to investors in the securities of such selling securityholder or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities.
 Shares of Common Stock may
also be exchanged for satisfaction of the selling securityholders’ obligations or other liabilities to their creditors. Such transactions
may or may not involve brokers or dealers.
 In connection with the sale
of the Common Stock covered by this prospectus supplement through underwriters, underwriters may receive compensation in the form of underwriting
discounts or commissions and may also receive commissions from purchasers of shares of Common Stock for whom they may act as agent. Underwriters
may sell to or through dealers, and such dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the
underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for whom they may act as agent. To the extent applicable, the selling securityholders
will pay any underwriting discounts, selling commissions or transfer taxes incurred by the selling securityholders in connection with
the sale of the Common Stock offered hereby.
 S- 11 
 Our Common Stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. To facilitate the offering of securities, certain persons participating in the offering may engage
in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities. This may include over-allotments or short sales
of the securities, which involve the sale by persons participating in the offering of more securities than were sold to them. In these
circumstances, these persons would cover such over-allotments or short positions by making purchases in the open market or by exercising
their over-allotment option, if any. In addition, these persons may stabilize or maintain the price of the securities by bidding for or
purchasing securities in the open market or by imposing penalty bids, whereby selling concessions allowed to dealers participating in
the offering may be reclaimed if securities sold by them are repurchased in connection with stabilization transactions. The effect of
these transactions may be to stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail
in the open market. These transactions may be discontinued at any time.
 Any underwriters, broker-dealers
or agents participating in the distribution of Common Stock covered by this prospectus supplement may be deemed to be “underwriters”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any commissions received by any of those underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be deemed
to be underwriting commissions under the Securities Act. A selling securityholder may be deemed to be an “underwriter” within
the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to the sale of the Common Stock covered by this prospectus supplement. We have advised
the selling securityholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the
market and to the activities of the selling securityholders and their respective affiliates.
 We and the selling securityholders
may agree to indemnify underwriters, broker-dealers or agents against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act and may also agree to contribute to payments which the underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be required to make.
 Certain of the underwriters,
broker-dealers or agents who may become involved in the sale of our Common Stock may engage in transactions with and perform other services
for us in the ordinary course of their business for which they receive customary compensation.
 Some of the Common Stock covered
by this prospectus supplement may be sold by selling securityholders in private transactions or under Rule 144 under the Securities
Act or another available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act rather than pursuant to this prospectus supplement.
 We have agreed in the Registration
Rights Agreement to indemnify the selling securityholders (and the selling securityholders have agreed to indemnify us) against certain
liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state law. We have also agreed
to pay certain registration expenses of the selling securityholders.
 S- 12 
 LEGAL MATTERS 
 The validity of the shares
of Common Stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP.
 EXPERTS 
 The financial statements of
SoundHound AI, Inc. and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included
in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report (which contains
an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and a paragraph relating to the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting due to the exclusion of Interactions Corporation because it was acquired by SoundHound AI, Inc.
in a business combination during 2025) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority
of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
 The consolidated financial
statements of LivePerson, Inc. as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025,
included as Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-295779) of which this prospectus supplement forms
a part, have been so included in reliance on the report of BDO USA, P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the
authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
 The consolidated financial
statements of Interactions Corporation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of
SoundHound AI, Inc., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2025, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon, included therein, and incorporated by reference herein. Such consolidated
financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts
in accounting and auditing.
 S- 13 
 PROSPECTUS 
 SOUNDHOUND AI, INC. 
 CLASS A COMMON STOCK 
 PREFERRED STOCK 
 PURCHASE CONTRACTS 
 WARRANTS 
 SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 
 DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 DEBT SECURITIES 
 UNITS 
 We may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more series, any
one of the following securities of SoundHound AI, Inc. (“SoundHound,” the “Company,” “we,” “us”
or “our”):
 ● | 
 Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Class A Shares,” the “Class A Common Stock” or the “Common Stock”); | 
 ● | 
 preferred stock; | 
 ● | 
 purchase contracts; | 
 ● | 
 warrants to purchase our securities; | 
 ● | 
 subscription rights to purchase any of the foregoing securities; | 
 ● | 
 depositary shares; | 
 ● | 
 secured or unsecured debt securities consisting of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness which may be senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt securities or subordinated debt securities, each of which may be convertible into equity securities; or | 
 ● | 
 units comprised of, or other combinations of, the foregoing securities. | 
 We may offer and sell these
securities separately or together, in one or more series or classes and in amounts, at prices and on terms described in one or more offerings.
We may offer securities through underwriting syndicates managed or co-managed by one or more underwriters or dealers, through agents or
directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods, on a continuous or delayed basis. If any agents, underwriters or dealers
are involved in the sale of any securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents, underwriters
or dealers and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts and options to purchase additional shares will be set forth in a prospectus
supplement. The prospectus supplement for each offering of securities will describe in detail the plan of distribution for that offering.
The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus
supplement. For general information about the distribution of securities offered, please see “Plan of Distribution” in this
prospectus.
 Each time our securities are
offered, we will provide a prospectus supplement containing more specific information about the particular offering and attach it to this
prospectus. The prospectus supplements may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read
this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by
reference, before buying any of the securities being offered.
 This prospectus may not
be used to offer or sell securities without a prospectus supplement which includes a description of the method and terms of the offering. 
 Our Class A Common Stock is
listed on the Global Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SOUN.” The last reported
sale price of our Class A Common Stock on May 8, 2026 was $8.88 per share. Our listed redeemable warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global
Market under the symbol “SOUNW.”
 If we decide to seek a listing
of any preferred stock, purchase contracts, warrants, subscriptions rights, depositary shares, debt securities or units offered by this
prospectus, the related prospectus supplement will disclose the exchange or market on which the securities will be listed, if any, or
where we have made an application for listing, if any.
 Investing in our securities
involves certain risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 and the risk factors in our most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein, as well as in any other recently filed quarterly or current reports and in the
relevant prospectus supplement. We urge you to carefully read this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, together with
the documents we incorporate by reference, describing the terms of these securities before investing. 
 Neither the Securities
and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy
or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
 The date of this Prospectus is May 11, 2026.
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page | 
 About This Prospectus | 
 ii | 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 
 iii | 
 Prospectus Summary | 
 1 | 
 Risk Factors | 
 6 | 
 Use of Proceeds | 
 7 | 
 Plan of Distribution | 
 8 | 
 Description of Securities We May Offer | 
 11 | 
 Forms of Securities | 
 22 | 
 Legal Matters | 
 23 | 
 Experts | 
 23 | 
 Where You Can Find Additional Information | 
 23 | 
 Incorporation of Documents By Reference | 
 24 | 
 i 
 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 
 This prospectus is part of
a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, utilizing an automatic “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may offer and sell, either individually or in combination, in one or more
offerings, any of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities
we may offer. Each time we offer securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement to this prospectus that will
contain more specific information about the terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be
provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing
prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update or change any of the information contained in this prospectus
or in the documents that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale
of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement.
 We urge you to read carefully this prospectus, any applicable prospectus
supplement and any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, together with the information
incorporated herein by reference as described under the heading “Incorporation of Documents by Reference,” before investing
in any of the securities being offered. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information. This prospectus
is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so.
 The information appearing
in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the
front of the document and any information we have incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated
by reference, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing
prospectus, or any sale of a security. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those
dates.
 This prospectus contains summaries of certain provisions contained
in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries
are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed
or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain
copies of those documents as described below under the sections entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information” and “Incorporation
of Documents by Reference.”
 This prospectus contains,
or incorporates by reference, trademarks, tradenames, service marks and service names of SoundHound and its subsidiaries. 
 ii 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This prospectus and the documents
incorporated by reference herein contain or may contain “forward looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
(the “Exchange Act”), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For all forward-looking statements, we claim
the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including
statements regarding future events, our future financial performance, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future
operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including
“anticipates,” “believes,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,”
“expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,”
“should,” or “will” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The following factors among
others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking
statements:
 ● | 
 our ability to execute our business strategy, including launching new product offerings and expanding information and technology capabilities; | 
 ● | 
 our market opportunity and our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers; | 
 ● | 
 the timing and impact of our growth initiatives on our future financial performance; | 
 ● | 
 our ability to integrate the businesses and operations from our recent acquisitions with our current operations to realize the expected benefits of those acquisitions; | 
 ● | 
 our ability to close our pending acquisition of LivePerson, Inc.; | 
 ● | 
 our ability to protect intellectual property and trade secrets ; | 
 ● | 
 our ability to obtain additional capital, as necessary, including equity or debt financing, on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all ; | 
 ● | 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations and extensive and evolving government regulations that impact our operations and business; | 
 ● | 
 our ability to attract or maintain a qualified workforce; | 
 ● | 
 level of product service failures that could lead our customers to use competitors’ services; | 
 ● | 
 investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and/or other regulatory or legal proceedings, including with respect to our AI technology; | 
 ● | 
 risks relating to uncertainty of our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth; | 
 ● | 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and | 
 ● | 
 other risks and uncertainties described under the section titled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. | 
 iii 
 Although
we do not make forward looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined
under “Risk Factors” or elsewhere in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated
by reference herein and therein, which may cause our or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to vary materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a highly regulated, very
competitive, and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors,
nor can we address the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our
actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short term and long term business operations, and financial needs. These
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from
those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited
to, those discussed in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, and in particular, the risks discussed below
and under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and in other documents we file
with the SEC, as well as any amendments thereto. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and notes to such financial statements
incorporated by reference herein. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking
statements, except as required by law. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances
discussed in this prospectus may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied
in the forward-looking statement.
 You should not place undue
reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this prospectus. Except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus to conform
our statements to actual results or changed expectations.
 Any forward-looking statement
you read in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference reflects our current views at the time
the forward-looking statement was made with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions
relating to our operations, operating results, growth strategy and liquidity. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements because such statements speak only as to the date when made. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking
statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as otherwise required by applicable law. You are advised,
however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports on Forms 10-Q, 8-K and 10-K filed with the SEC.
You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such
list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. 
 iv 
 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 
 This summary highlights
selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider
before investing in our Company. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference herein.
In particular, attention should be directed to our “Risk Factors,” “Information With Respect to the Company,”
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the financial statements
and related notes thereto contained herein or otherwise incorporated by reference hereto, before making an investment decision. 
 As used herein, and any amendment
or supplement hereto, unless otherwise indicated, “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” or
“SoundHound” means SoundHound AI, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this prospectus
to “dollars” or “$” refer to US dollars.
 Company Overview 
 We are a global leader in
conversational intelligence, offering independent Voice AI solutions that enable businesses to deliver high-quality conversational experiences
to their customers. Built on proprietary technology, SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous
languages to product creators across automotive, TV, and IoT, and to customer service industries via groundbreaking AI-driven products
like Smart Answering, Smart Ordering, and Dynamic Interaction™, and Employee Assist. Along with SoundHound Chat AI, a powerful voice
assistant with integrated Generative AI, SoundHound powers millions of products and services, and processes billions of interactions each
year for world class businesses.
 We believe voice-enabled
conversational user interface is a more natural interface for nearly all use cases, and product creators should have the ability to design,
customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize the interface to their own product, as opposed to outsourcing it to a third-party assistant.
For example, using SoundHound, businesses can voice-enable their products so consumers can say things like, “Turn off the air conditioning
and lower the windows,” while in their cars, “Find romantic comedies released in the last year,” while streaming on
their TV and even place food orders before arriving at a restaurant by talking to their cars, TVs or other IoT devices. Additionally,
SoundHound’s technology can address complex user queries such as, “Show me all restaurants within half a mile of the Space
Needle that are open past 9pm on Wednesdays and have outdoor seating,” and follow-on qualifications such as “Okay, don’t
show me anything with less than 3 stars or fast food.”
 The SoundHound developer
platform, Houndify, is an open-access platform that allows developers to leverage SoundHound’s Voice AI technology and a library
of over 100 content domains, including commonly used domains for points of interest, weather, flight status, sports and more. SoundHound's
Collective AI is an architecture for connecting domain knowledge that encourages collaboration and contribution among developers. The
architecture is based on proprietary software engineering technology, CaiLAN (Conversational AI Language), and machine learning technology,
CaiNET (Conversational AI Network) to ensure fast, accurate and appropriate responses.
 Our market position is strengthened
by the technical barriers to entry in the Voice AI space, which tend to discourage new market participants. Furthermore, our technology
is backed by significant investments in intellectual property, with over 359 patents granted and over 102 patents pending, spanning multiple
fields including speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, monetization and more. We have achieved this critical
momentum in part thanks to a long-tenured leadership team with deep expertise and proven ability to attract and retain talent.
 We believe that SoundHound
is well-positioned to fill the growing void and demand for an independent Voice AI platform. The Voice AI offerings from big tech companies
are primarily an extension of their more core services and offerings. Rather than strengthening a customer’s product, it can take
over the entire experience, thus disintermediating our brand, users and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech may lose their ability
to innovate, differentiate and customize. In some cases, these providers even compete with the products they support, making them increasingly
less attractive as a choice for a voice interface.
 The alternative options are
generally legacy vendors tending to use what we consider to be dated technologies at a high price. Furthermore, many of these technologies
still require significant effort by the product creators to turn them into solutions that can compete with the quality of the big tech
offering, which in many cases is not practical. Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, there are not many independent players.
 This creates a great opportunity
for SoundHound: we believe that we provide disruptive technologies that are superior to the alternatives, with better terms, allowing
customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data and define their own privacy policies, while being
able to customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize.
 1 
 When it comes to criteria
for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe to be the first two criteria customers typically consider are technology
and brand control. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we provide a white label solution giving our customers
control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we offer our customers
the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience.
 We also expect to provide
an additional path to monetization for our customer base. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while
making their product better by using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform.
 We believe that we offer
a superior ecosystem, benefiting from our Collective AI product architecture along with offering customers definable privacy controls,
which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our
partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do). We also offer edge and hybrid solutions. This
means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. We aim to deliver the most advanced
Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands.
 We strongly believe that
product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective
of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and will have Voice AI customized in different ways.
Product creators can each tap into a single Collective AI to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate
on top of Collective AI and create value for the end users in their own way. This is the future that we are focusing on enabling.
 When a product is voice enabled,
we see three stages of integration and value propositions. The first stage is to enable the core use case of the product. For example,
the product could be a TV, a coffee machine, a car, a wearable device, a robot, a smart speaker or an appliance, and with your voice you
can control the functionality of the device and the product. With a TV, you can ask it to change the channel, increase the volume, rewind
by 30 seconds, search for movies and even add personalization by adding a TV show to your favorites. Note that this is different from
adding a third-party voice assistant to the product. Our view is that every product needs to have an interface, and voice-AI is a natural
and compelling interface that unlocks new use cases and potential. Consider just the simple example of rewinding or fast forwarding by
a specific duration. That is a command that can be done with voice in only a few seconds, but it can take many steps to use alternative
interfaces such as a remote control or a companion app.
 Once the core features of
a product are voice-enabled, it can be further enhanced in the second stage of integration: the addition of third-party content and domains.
SoundHound has extensive partnerships with content providers and, through these partnerships, can fulfill many needs of our customers.
For example, your TV, car or even a coffee machine can answer questions about weather, sports scores, stock prices or flight status, and
even search for a local business. The addition of these public domains further enhances the value proposition of the product.
 Finally, as the third step,
you enter the world of monetization where you can add features that deliver value to the end user, and also generate revenues that we
share with the product creators. To summarize with an example, imagine walking up to your coffee machine and asking for a triple shot
extra hot latte. While you are waiting for your drink, you can ask for weather and sports scores, and if you desire, you can even order
bagels from your favorite nearby bakery.
 Our Products and Technology 
 SoundHound’s momentum
in the Voice AI market can, in large part, be attributed to our large number of technology breakthroughs.
 Houndify Platform 
 SoundHound’s Voice
AI platform combines advanced AI with engineering expertise to help brands build conversational voice assistants. From proprietary components
to customizable and scalable solutions, we offer tools to build a highly accurate and responsive voice user interface.
 The suite of Houndify tools
includes Application Programming Interfaces (“API”) for text and voice queries, support for custom commands, extensive library
of content domains, inclusive Software Development Kit platforms, collaboration capabilities, diagnostic tools, and built-in analytics.
 2 
 Houndify provides a web API
that takes in text queries or audio and returns actionable JavaScript Object Notation to anyone with an internet connection wanting to
add Voice AI to any product or application.
 CaiNET and CaiLAN Expert Domain Selections 
 SoundHound’s CaiNET
software uses machine learning to enhance how domains work together to better handle complex queries including natural language processing,
predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech.
 SoundHound’s proprietary
CaiLAN software expertly arbitrates responses so users get better answers from the right domain such as for use with natural language
processing, predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech.
 Automatic Speech Recognition (“ASR”) 
 Our highly optimized, tunable,
and scalable ASR engine supports vocabulary sizes containing millions of words. Houndify’s machine learning infrastructure allows
us to tune the engine to achieve optimal Computer Processing Unit (“CPU”) performance while delivering high accuracy rates.
 Houndify’s language
and acoustic modelling architecture also uses machine learning to increase word recognition accuracy. Rapid iteration is possible due
to our accelerated training pipeline and architecture that improves as data is collected. Highly accurate transcriptions result from advanced
acoustic models trained to perform in a variety of scenarios — including in severely noisy environments and when accented language
is spoken.
 Natural Language Understanding (“NLU”) 
 Our proprietary Speech-to-Meaning
technology tracks speech in real-time and understands the context, even before the user has finished speaking. Instead of the typical
two-step process of transcribing speech into text and then passing the text into an NLU model, Houndify can accomplish both of these tasks
in one step, delivering faster and more accurate results.
 Houndify’s ability
to process and understand speech the instant a user stops speaking gives voice assistants the ability to respond faster. Understanding
speech in real-time without requiring additional processing or waiting for the user to finish speaking creates responsive and natural
conversations between people and products.
 By understanding context,
Houndify responds accurately to users by distinguishing between similar words and names. Our NLU can discern the difference between words
that sound the same, but have different spellings and meanings. For example, if users want to navigate to 272 Hoch Street in Dayton, Ohio,
it won’t look for Hawk Street.
 Using our proprietary Deep
Meaning Understanding technology, a custom voice assistant can handle complex queries with compound criteria including conversational
follow up, address multiple questions and filter results simultaneously — accurately and quickly answering users’ most complex
questions.
 These technologies are anchored by three important
innovations: Speech-to-Meaning, Deep Meaning Understanding and Collective AI. 
 Speech-to-Meaning refers
to SoundHound’s ability to convert speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. Most traditional approaches first convert
speech to text, and then convert text to meaning. This approach can be both slower and less accurate. It’s slower because the two
steps are done in sequence, and the additional processing time of the second step can be noticeable by the end user. It can also be less
accurate because if the first step of speech to text makes a mistake, the resulting incorrect text is then sent to the second step, and
the error further propagates.
 Our development of Speech
to Meaning technology was inspired by the human brain. As we listen to someone speaking, our brain does not convert speech to text, and
then text to meaning. Instead, our brain converts speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. With Speech-to-Meaning, as you speak
to SoundHound’s technology, it performs both speech recognition and language understanding simultaneously, which results in faster
response time and higher accuracy, because real-time language understanding can feed into the real-time speech recognizer as
additional information to reduce errors.
 Deep Meaning Understanding
is our innovative approach to language understanding that allows our Voice AI platform to understand highly complex conversation.
 3 
 For example it can understand:
“Show me hotels in San Francisco that are less than $600, but not less than $300, are pet friendly, have a gym and a pool with at
least three stars staying for two nights, and don’t include anything that doesn’t have Wi-Fi.”
 A complex search like this
will take many minutes to perform on a website with complex forms, but it can be done within a few seconds using SoundHound technology,
which we believe to be unique in its ability to handle complex queries of this nature at scale.
 Collective AI is an architecture
that gives potential to SoundHound to improve the understanding capability of its platform exponentially based on linear contributions.
 Most other platforms add
skills or domains that are separate and don’t interact with each other. For them, linear contribution results in linear growth in
understanding, which is less scalable. With the Collective AI architecture, SoundHound domains can be interconnected and learn from each
other. As developers contribute to the platform, the platform’s understanding capability can grow exponentially.
 Smart Ordering 
 SoundHound Smart Ordering
offers an easy-to-understand voice assistant for restaurants that takes phone orders and automatically processes them by seamlessly integrating
with multiple POS systems. For enterprises, we also offer a flexible Gateway to integrate with custom POSs.
 Dynamic Interaction 
 Dynamic Interaction is a
category-level breakthrough in conversational AI that we believe raises the bar for human-computer interaction by not only recognizing
and understanding speech, but also responding and acting in real-time. Where existing voice technology requires wake words and relies
on turn-taking with awkward pauses to process requests, Dynamic Interaction uses the twin technologies of fragment parsing – which
breaks speech down to partial-utterances and processes them in real-time – and full-duplex audio-visual integration to create an
instantaneous, next-generation experience in human-computer interaction.
 SoundHound Chat AI 
 We launched SoundHound Chat
AI, which we believe will usher in a new phase of voice-enabled, conversational AI by combining the power of software engineering and
machine learning generative AI.
 SoundHound Chat AI integrates
with dozens of knowledge domains, pulling real-time data like weather, sports, stocks, flight status, restaurants, and many more. We combine
this with the most cutting-edge large language models like OpenAI’s ChatGPT to deliver the most accurate, timely, and comprehensive
responses. There is no need for awkward search queries since you can speak to SoundHound Chat AI naturally, like another person. You can
also follow-up questions and commands without awkward pauses to filter, sort, or add more information to the original request.
 Smart Answering 
 SoundHound Smart Answering
is built to offer all customer establishments, including restaurants, the option to build an easy to use, custom AI-powered voice assistant
that can handle 100% of phone calls including, greetings, hours, menu, location, delivery, wait time, policies, promotions, including
SMS functionality for reservations and appointments, and many more standard and custom options.
 Wake Words 
 Wake words are the entry
point into branded voice experiences, allowing users to invoke the assistant by literally speaking the company’s name. Examples
range from “Hey Pandora” in a mobile app to “Hey Peugeot” within a vehicle.
 Rigorous development and
testing enable our wake words to perform in noisy environments and minimize false-positives or false-negatives. We use advanced machine
learning algorithms and Deep Neural Networks to provide broad robustness to our high-volume training data, resulting in high accuracy.
 4 
 Custom Domains 
 Our library of over 100 public
domains is available to give developers instant access to a broad range of content to fit their unique use cases. This includes multi-category content
intended to appeal to broad range of audiences, including, for instance, sports scores, weather, podcasts, travel information, recipes,
stock prices, among many others.
 Companies can enhance product
functionality or proprietary operations with Houndify Private Domains, allowing customization and development of more specific content.
Customers who subscribe for this service have full access to their private domains securely on our platform while retaining the ability
to iterate and update content.
 For example, an automotive
manufacturer can make helpful updates about the car’s user manual over time. In this way, SoundHound becomes a long-term “partner”
to its customers, helping companies create the domains that they need in order to improve brand value for their own customers or end users.
 Text-to-speech (“TTS”) 
 A high quality TTS helps
companies create a unique voice that differentiates them from the competition. Brands can fully express their personality by choosing
the gender, tone, and personality that will become their vocal identity.
 Our machine learning algorithms
transform recorded voices into large databases of spoken sounds to form entire vocabularies of natural language — adapted
to the user’s environment. We can transform any voice to generate a high-quality TTS with a small CPU footprint.
 Edge and Cloud Connectivity 
 With edge (embedded) we offer
a fully-embedded voice solution for brands seeking the convenience of a voice user interface without the privacy or connectivity
concerns of the internet. Includes full access to custom commands and the ability to instantly update commands during development.
 With Cloud we equip your
voice assistant with real-time data from the cloud, deliver the most relevant responses with no CPU or memory restrictions, and retain
ownership of customer relationships with access to data and analytics.
 To harness the capabilities
of full cloud connectivity with the reliability of embedded edge voice technology. Houndify Edge Hybrid solutions are designed
to ensure that devices are always-on and responsive to commands. Allows for over-the-air product updates and a broader voice
experience with the level of cloud-connectivity that best matches the product and its users. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices
are located at 5400 Betsy Ross Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054, and our telephone number is (408) 441-3200. Our corporate website
address is www.soundhound.com . The information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated
by reference into, this prospectus.
 5 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before
deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors we describe in any prospectus supplement
and in any related free writing prospectus for a specific offering of securities, as well as those described in the documents incorporated
by reference into this prospectus and any prospectus supplement. You should also carefully consider other information contained and incorporated
by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto
incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described in the applicable prospectus supplement and our other
filings with the SEC incorporated by reference therein and herein are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also adversely affect us. If any of the described risks occur, our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially harmed. In such case, the value of our securities could decline
and you may lose all or part of your investment. Please also carefully read the section titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.”
 6 
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from these sales for general corporate purposes, which
may include, without limitation, investing in or acquiring companies and working capital. The amounts and timing of these expenditures
will depend on numerous factors, including the development of our current business initiatives. Pending use of the net proceeds, we intend
to invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities or in cash or money market funds. 
 7 
 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 We may sell the securities
from time to time to or through underwriters or dealers, through agents, or directly to one or more purchasers. A distribution of the
securities offered by this prospectus may also be effected through the issuance of derivative securities, including without limitation,
warrants, rights to purchase and subscriptions. In addition, the manner in which we may sell some or all of the securities covered by
this prospectus includes, without limitation, through:
 ● | 
 a block trade in which a broker-dealer will attempt to sell as agent, but may position or resell a portion of the block, as principal, in order to facilitate the transaction; | 
 ● | 
 purchases by a broker-dealer, as principal, and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; or | 
 ● | 
 ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which a broker solicits purchasers. | 
 A prospectus supplement or
supplements with respect to each series of securities will describe the terms of the offering, including, to the extent applicable:
 ● | 
 the terms of the offering; | 
 ● | 
 the name or names of the underwriters or agents and the amounts of securities underwritten or purchased by each of them, if any; | 
 ● | 
 the public offering price or purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds to be received by us from the sale; | 
 ● | 
 any delayed delivery requirements; | 
 ● | 
 any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; | 
 ● | 
 any underwriting discounts or agency fees and other items constituting underwriters’ or agents’ compensation | 
 ● | 
 any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers; and | 
 ● | 
 any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. | 
 The offer and sale of the
securities described in this prospectus by us, the underwriters or the third parties described above may be effected from time to time
in one or more transactions, including privately negotiated transactions, either:
 ● | 
 at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; | 
 ● | 
 in an “at the market” offering within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act; | 
 ● | 
 at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or | 
 ● | 
 at negotiated prices. | 
 Only underwriters named in
the prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement.
 8 
 Underwriters and Agents; Direct Sales 
 If underwriters are used in
a sale, they will acquire the offered securities for their own account and may resell the offered securities from time to time in one
or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time
of sale. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters
without a syndicate.
 Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, the obligations
of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. Subject
to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement, other
than securities covered by any over-allotment option. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed
or paid to dealers may change from time to time.
 We may sell securities directly
or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities, and we will
describe any commissions we will pay the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, our agent
will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment.
 We may authorize agents or
underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering price
set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in
the future. We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for solicitation of these contracts in
the prospectus supplement.
 Dealers 
 We may sell the offered securities
to dealers as principals. The dealer may then resell such securities to the public either at varying prices to be determined by the dealer
or at a fixed offering price agreed to with us at the time of resale.
 Institutional Purchasers 
 We may authorize agents, dealers
or underwriters to solicit certain institutional investors to purchase offered securities on a delayed delivery basis pursuant to delayed
delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified future date. The applicable prospectus supplement or other offering
materials, as the case may be, will provide the details of any such arrangement, including the offering price and commissions payable
on the solicitations.
 We will enter into such delayed
contracts only with institutional purchasers that we approve. These institutions may include commercial and savings banks, insurance companies,
pension funds, investment companies and educational and charitable institutions.
 Indemnification; Other Relationships 
 We may provide agents, underwriters,
dealers and remarketing firms with indemnification against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act,
or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities. Agents, underwriters,
dealers and remarketing firms, and their affiliates, may engage in transactions with, or perform services for, us in the ordinary course
of business. This includes commercial banking and investment banking transactions.
 9 
 Market-Making; Stabilization and Other Transactions 
 There is currently no market
for any of the offered securities, other than our Class A Common Stock and redeemable listed warrants, which are quoted on the Nasdaq
Global Market. If the offered securities are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering
price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities and other factors. While it is possible that an underwriter
could inform us that it intends to make a market in the offered securities, such underwriter would not be obligated to do so, and any
such market-making could be discontinued at any time without notice. Therefore, no assurance can be given as to whether an active trading
market will develop for the offered securities. We have no current plans for listing of the debt securities, preferred stock, warrants
or subscription rights on any securities exchange or quotation system; any such listing with respect to any particular debt securities,
preferred stock, warrants or subscription rights will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement or other offering materials,
as the case may be.
 Any underwriter may engage
in over-allotment, stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids
to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering or other
short-covering transactions involve purchases of the securities, either through exercise of the over-allotment option or in the open market
after the distribution is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from
a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions.
Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue
any of the activities at any time.
 Any underwriters or agents
that are qualified market makers on the Nasdaq Global Market may engage in passive market making transactions in our Class A Common Stock
or redeemable listed warrants on the Nasdaq Global Market in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, during the business
day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers or sales of our Class A Common Stock or redeemable listed
warrants. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified as passive market makers.
In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid for such security; if
all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s bid must then be
lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities at a level above
that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time.
 Fees and Commissions 
 If 5% or more of the net proceeds
of any offering of securities made under this prospectus will be received by a FINRA member participating in the offering or affiliates
or associated persons of such FINRA member, the offering will be conducted in accordance with FINRA Rule 5121.
 10 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES WE MAY OFFER 
 General 
 This prospectus describes
the general terms of our capital stock. The following description is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider
before investing in our capital stock. For a more detailed description of these securities, you should read the applicable provisions
of Delaware law and our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, referred to herein as our charter, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws,
referred to herein as our bylaws. When we offer to sell a particular series of these securities, we will describe the specific terms of
the series in a supplement to this prospectus. Accordingly, for a description of the terms of any series of securities, you must refer
to both the prospectus supplement relating to that series and the description of the securities described in this prospectus. To the extent
the information contained in the prospectus supplement differs from this summary description, you should rely on the information in the
prospectus supplement.
 Our authorized capital stock
consists of 800,000,000 shares, par value $0.0001 per share, consisting of: 799,000,000 shares of common stock, of which, 755,000,000 shares
are designated as Class A Common Stock and 44,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock (“Class B Common
Stock”); and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, all of which are currently undesignated. Our authorized but unissued shares
of common stock and preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required
by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded in
the future.
 We, directly or through agents,
dealers or underwriters designated from time to time, may offer, issue and sell, together or separately, of:
 ● | 
 Class A Common Stock; | 
 ● | 
 preferred stock; | 
 ● | 
 purchase contracts; | 
 ● | 
 warrants to purchase our securities; | 
 ● | 
 subscription rights to purchase our securities; | 
 ● | 
 depositary shares; | 
 ● | 
 secured or unsecured debt securities consisting of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness which may be senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt securities or subordinated debt securities, each of which may be convertible into equity securities; or | 
 ● | 
 units comprised of, or other combinations of, the foregoing securities. | 
 We may issue the debt securities
exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock, preferred stock or other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this
prospectus or any combination of the foregoing. The preferred stock may also be exchangeable for and/or convertible into shares of common
stock, another series of preferred stock or other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus or any combination of
the foregoing. When a particular series of securities is offered, a supplement to this prospectus will be delivered with this prospectus,
which will set forth the terms of the offering and sale of the offered securities.
 Common Stock 
 As of December 31, 2025, there were 390,070,691 shares of the Company’s
Class A Common Stock and 32,535,408 shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. In addition, there
were 3,654,115 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, 3,883,413 shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, 15,971,969 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon vesting of restricted
stock units and 20,844,261 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the achievement of certain milestones in connection with our acquisitions of Synq3, Inc. (“Synq3”) and Amelia Holdings, Inc. (“Amelia”).
 11 
 Our charter provides for two
classes of common stock, and provides that, subject to the rights of any holders of any series of preferred stock, each holder of Class A
Common Stock shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder as of the
applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote at any meeting of stockholders and each holder of Class B Common Stock
shall have the right to ten votes per share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder as of the applicable record
date on all matters properly submitted to stockholders entitled to vote thereon. Our charter provides for mandatory or optional conversion
of the Class B Common Stock upon the occurrence of circumstances described in the charter. The holders of outstanding shares of Class A
Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the payment
of dividends of such times and in such amounts as our board of directors from time to time may determine. Our Class A Common Stock
and Class B are not entitled to pre-emptive rights and are not subject to redemption. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our
company, the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our Class A
Common Stock and Class B Common Stock after payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding payment of other claims
of creditors. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are subject
to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock, including any series of preferred
stock that we may designate and issue in the future. Our Class A Common Stock are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the trading
symbol “SOUN.” The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company. The Transfer Agent’s address is 1 State Street, 30 th Floor, New York, New York 10004.
 Preferred Stock 
 As of December 31, 2025, we
have 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized, all of which are currently undesignated. Pursuant to our charter, our undesignated
shares of preferred stock are “blank check” preferred stock which means that our board of directors are authorized, without
further action by the stockholders, to establish one or more class or series, and fix the relative rights and preferences of the Company’s
undesignated preferred stock.
 In connection with any offering
of undesignated preferred stock, we will fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock of each series
in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC, the form of any certificate of
designation that describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering before the issuance of the related series of preferred
stock. This description will include any or all of the following, as required:
 ● | 
 the title and stated value; | 
 ● | 
 the number of shares we are offering; | 
 ● | 
 the liquidation preference per share; | 
 ● | 
 the purchase price; | 
 ● | 
 the dividend rate, period and payment date and method of calculation for dividends; | 
 ● | 
 whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate; | 
 ● | 
 any contractual limitations on our ability to declare, set aside or pay any dividends; | 
 ● | 
 the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any; | 
 ● | 
 the provisions for a sinking fund, if any; | 
 ● | 
 the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights; | 
 ● | 
 any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market; | 
 ● | 
 whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period; | 
 ● | 
 whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period; | 
 ● | 
 voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock; | 
 12 
 ● | 
 preemptive rights, if any; | 
 ● | 
 restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; | 
 ● | 
 whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares; | 
 ● | 
 a discussion of any material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock; | 
 ● | 
 the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; | 
 ● | 
 any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs; and | 
 ● | 
 any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. | 
 If we issue shares of preferred
stock under this prospectus, after receipt of payment therefor, the shares will be fully paid and non-assessable.
 The Delaware General Corporation
Law provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class on any proposal involving fundamental
changes in the rights of holders of that preferred stock. This right is in addition to any voting rights provided for in the applicable
certificate of designation.
 Our board of directors may
authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights
of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could be issued quickly with terms designed to delay or prevent a change in control
of our Company or make removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing
the market price of our common stock.
 Purchase Contracts 
 We may issue purchase contracts,
representing contracts obligating holders to purchase from us, and us to sell to the holders, a specific or varying number of Class A
Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares, debt securities, or any combination of the above, at a future date or dates.
Alternatively, the purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from holders, and obligate holders to sell to us, a specific or varying
number of Class A Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares, debt securities, or any combination of the above. The price
of the securities and other property subject to the purchase contracts may be fixed at the time the purchase contracts are issued or may
be determined by reference to a specific formula set forth in the purchase contracts. The purchase contracts may be issued separately
or as a part of a unit that consists of (a) a purchase contract and (b) one or more of the other securities that may be sold by us pursuant
to this prospectus or any combination of the foregoing, which may secure the holders’ obligations to purchase the securities under
the purchase contract. The purchase contracts may require us to make periodic payments to the holders or require the holders to make periodic
payments to us. These payments may be unsecured or prefunded and may be paid on a current or on a deferred basis. The purchase contracts
may require holders to secure their obligations under the contracts in a manner specified in the applicable prospectus supplement.
 We will file as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that
we file with the SEC, forms of the purchase contracts and purchase contract agreement, if any. The applicable prospectus supplement will
describe the terms of any purchase contracts in respect of which this prospectus is being delivered, including, to the extent applicable,
the following:
 ● | 
 whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us to purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract, and the nature and amount of each of those securities, or the method of determining those amounts; | 
 ● | 
 whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not; | 
 ● | 
 whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by delivery, or by reference or linkage to the value, performance or level of the securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract; | 
 13 
 ● | 
 any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other provisions relating to the settlement of the purchase contracts; and | 
 ● | 
 whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully registered or global form. | 
 Warrants 
 We may issue warrants to purchase
our securities or other rights, including rights to receive payment in cash or securities based on the value, rate or price of one or
more specified commodities, currencies, securities or indices, or any combination of the foregoing. Warrants may be issued independently
or together with any other securities that may be sold by us pursuant to this prospectus or any combination of the foregoing and may be
attached to, or separate from, such securities. To the extent warrants that we issue are to be publicly-traded, each series of such warrants
will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a warrant agent.
 We will file as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that
we file with the SEC, forms of the warrant and warrant agreement, if any. The prospectus supplement relating to any warrants that we may
offer will contain the specific terms of the warrants and a description of the material provisions of the applicable warrant agreement,
if any. These terms may include the following:
 ● | 
 the title of the warrants; | 
 ● | 
 the price or prices at which the warrants will be issued; | 
 ● | 
 the designation, amount and terms of the securities or other rights for which the warrants are exercisable; | 
 ● | 
 the designation and terms of the other securities, if any, with which the warrants are to be issued and the number of warrants issued with each other security; | 
 ● | 
 the aggregate number of warrants; | 
 ● | 
 any provisions for adjustment of the number or amount of securities receivable upon exercise of the warrants or the exercise price of the warrants; | 
 ● | 
 the price or prices at which the securities or other rights purchasable upon exercise of the warrants may be purchased; | 
 ● | 
 if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the securities or other rights purchasable upon exercise of the warrants will be separately transferable; | 
 ● | 
 a discussion of any material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the exercise of the warrants; | 
 ● | 
 the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence, and the date on which the right will expire; | 
 ● | 
 the maximum or minimum number of warrants that may be exercised at any time; | 
 ● | 
 information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; and | 
 ● | 
 any other terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the warrants. | 
 Exercise of Warrants .
Each warrant will entitle the holder of warrants to purchase the amount of securities or other rights, at the exercise price stated or
determinable in the prospectus supplement for the warrants. Warrants may be exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration
date shown in the applicable prospectus supplement, unless otherwise specified in such prospectus supplement. After the close of business
on the expiration date, if applicable, unexercised warrants will become void. Warrants may be exercised in the manner described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. When the warrant holder makes the payment and properly completes and signs the warrant certificate at
the corporate trust office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon
as possible, forward the securities or other rights that the warrant holder has purchased. If the warrant holder exercises less than all
of the warrants represented by the warrant certificate, we will issue a new warrant certificate for the remaining warrants.
 14 
 Currently Outstanding Warrants 
 As of December 31, 2025, there were 3,654,115 public warrants and warrants that were issued in private placement transactions outstanding, including 208,000 warrants issued in connection with our Business
Combination (as hereinafter defined) (the “private warrants”). The terms of our private warrants and the terms of our public
warrants are identical. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our business
combination with Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co. on April 26, 2022 (the “Business Combination”). However, no warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A Common Stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants
is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of the Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise the warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided
that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A
Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the “fair market
value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average
reported last sale price of the shares of the Class A Common Stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day
prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on April 26, 2027, which is the fifth anniversary of our completion of the
Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
 The right to exercise will
be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date,
a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant.
 The redemption criteria for
our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise
price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the
share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price
of the warrants.
 If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a
“cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A
Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market
value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the shares of the Class A Common Stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.
 The warrants were issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public
warrants, in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders.
 The exercise price and number
of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the
event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as
described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A Common Stock at a price below their respective
exercise prices.
 The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares
of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will
be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
 15 
 Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their
warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the shares
of Class A Common Stock outstanding.
 No fractional shares will
be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued
to the warrant holder.
 Subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This
provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the
federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
 Our public warrants are listed
on The Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol “SOUNW.” The warrant agent is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company.
 Subscription Rights 
 We may issue rights to purchase
our securities. The rights may or may not be transferable by the persons purchasing or receiving the rights. In connection with any rights
offering, we may enter into a standby underwriting or other arrangement with one or more underwriters or other persons pursuant to which
such underwriters or other persons would purchase any offered securities remaining unsubscribed for after such rights offering. In connection
with a rights offering to holders of our capital stock a prospectus supplement will be distributed to such holders on the record date
for receiving rights in the rights offering set by us.
 We will file as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form 8-K that
we file with the SEC, forms of the subscription rights, standby underwriting agreement or other agreements, if any. The prospectus supplement
relating to any rights that we offer will include specific terms relating to the offering, including, among other matters:
 ● | 
 the date of determining the security holders entitled to the rights distribution; | 
 ● | 
 the aggregate number of rights issued and the aggregate amount of securities purchasable upon exercise of the rights; | 
 ● | 
 the exercise price; | 
 ● | 
 the conditions to completion of the rights offering; | 
 ● | 
 the date on which the right to exercise the rights will commence and the date on which the rights will expire; and | 
 ● | 
 any applicable federal income tax considerations. | 
 Each right would entitle the
holder of the rights to purchase the principal amount of securities at the exercise price set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement.
Rights may be exercised at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date for the rights provided in the applicable prospectus
supplement. After the close of business on the expiration date, all unexercised rights will become void.
 Holders may exercise rights
as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Upon receipt of payment and the rights certificate properly completed and duly executed
at the corporate trust office of the rights agent, if any, or any other office indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will, as soon
as practicable, forward the securities purchasable upon exercise of the rights. If less than all of the rights issued in any rights offering
are exercised, we may offer any unsubscribed securities directly to persons other than stockholders, to or through agents, underwriters
or dealers or through a combination of such methods, including pursuant to standby underwriting arrangements, as described in the applicable
prospectus supplement.
 16 
 Depositary Shares 
 General. We may offer
fractional shares of preferred stock, rather than full shares of preferred stock. If we decide to offer fractional shares of our preferred
stock, we will issue receipts for depositary shares. Each depositary share will represent a fraction of a share of a particular series
of our preferred stock, and the applicable prospectus supplement will indicate that fraction. The shares of preferred stock represented
by depositary shares will be deposited under a deposit agreement between us and a depositary that is a bank or trust company that meets
certain requirements and is selected by us. The depositary will be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each owner of a
depositary share will be entitled to all of the rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the depositary share. The
depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Depositary receipts will be distributed
to those persons purchasing the fractional shares of our preferred stock in accordance with the terms of the offering. We will file as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from a current report on Form
8-K that we file with the SEC, forms of the deposit agreement, form of certificate of designation of underlying preferred stock, form
of depositary receipts and any other related agreements.
 Dividends and Other Distributions . 
The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received by it in respect of the preferred stock to the
record holders of depositary shares relating to such preferred shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary shares held on the relevant
record date.
 In the event of a distribution
other than in cash, the depositary will distribute securities or property received by it to the record holders of depositary shares in
proportion to the numbers of depositary shares held on the relevant record date, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible
to make such distribution. In that case, the depositary may make the distribution by such method as it deems equitable and practicable.
One such possible method is for the depositary to sell the securities or property and then distribute the net proceeds from the sale as
provided in the case of a cash distribution.
 Redemption of Depositary
Shares . Whenever we redeem the preferred stock, the depositary will redeem a number of depositary shares representing the same
number of shares of preferred stock so redeemed. If fewer than all of the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary shares
to be redeemed will be selected by lot, pro rata or by any other equitable method as the depositary may determine.
 Voting of Underlying Shares .
Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of our preferred stock of any series are entitled to vote, the depositary will
mail the information contained in the notice of the meeting to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to that series of
preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the
exercise of the voting rights represented by the number of shares of preferred stock underlying the holder’s depositary shares.
The depositary will endeavor, to the extent it is practical to do so, to vote the number of whole shares of preferred stock underlying
such depositary shares in accordance with such instructions. We will agree to take all action that the depositary may deem reasonably
necessary in order to enable the depositary to do so. To the extent the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders
of depositary shares relating to such preferred shares, it will abstain from voting such shares of preferred stock.
 Withdrawal
of Shares . Upon surrender of depositary receipts representing any number of whole shares at the depositary’s office, unless
the related depositary shares previously have been called for redemption, the holder of the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary
receipts will be entitled to delivery of the number of whole shares of the related series of preferred stock and all money and other
property, if any, underlying such depositary shares. However, once such an exchange is made, the preferred stock cannot thereafter be
re-deposited in exchange for depositary shares. Holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive whole shares of the related
series of preferred stock on the basis set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the depositary receipts delivered by the
holder evidence a number of depositary shares representing more than the number of whole shares of preferred stock of the related series
to be withdrawn, the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of
depositary shares.
 Amendment and Termination
of Depositary Agreement . The form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the applicable
depositary agreement may at any time be amended by agreement between us and the depositary. We may, with the consent of the depositary,
amend the depositary agreement from time to time in any manner that we desire. However, if the amendment would materially and adversely
alter the rights of the existing holders of depositary shares, the amendment would need to be approved by the holders of at least a majority
of the depositary shares then outstanding.
 The depositary agreement may be terminated by us
or the depositary if:
 ● | 
 all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or | 
 ● | 
 there has been a final distribution in respect of the shares of preferred stock of the applicable series in connection with our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and such distribution has been made to the holders of depositary receipts. | 
 17 
 Resignation and Removal
of Depositary. The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so. We may remove a depositary
at any time. Any resignation or removal will take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of appointment.
 Charges of Depositary. 
We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of any depositary arrangements. We
will pay all charges of each depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred shares of any series, the initial issuance
of the depositary shares, any redemption of such preferred shares and any withdrawals of such preferred shares by holders of depositary
shares. Holders of depositary shares will be required to pay any other transfer taxes.
 Notices. Each depositary
will forward to the holders of the applicable depositary shares all notices, reports and communications from us which are delivered to
such depositary and which we are required to furnish the holders of the preferred stock represented by such depositary shares.
 Miscellaneous . The
depositary agreement may contain provisions that limit our liability and the liability of the depositary to the holders of depositary
shares. Both the depositary and we are also entitled to an indemnity from the holders of the depositary shares prior to bringing, or defending
against, any legal proceeding. We or any depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or information provided by
persons presenting preferred shares for deposit, holders of depositary shares or other persons believed by us to be competent and on documents
believed by us or them to be genuine.
 Debt Securities 
 As used in this prospectus,
the term “debt securities” means the debentures, notes, bonds and other evidences of indebtedness that we may issue from time
to time. The debt securities will either be senior debt securities, senior subordinated debt or subordinated debt securities. We may also
issue convertible debt securities. Debt securities may be issued under an indenture (which we refer to herein as an Indenture), which
are contracts entered into between us and a trustee to be named therein. The Indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. We may issue debt securities and incur additional indebtedness other than through the
offering of debt securities pursuant to this prospectus. It is likely that convertible debt securities will not be issued under an Indenture.
 The debt securities may be
fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a secured or unsecured senior or subordinated basis by one or more guarantors, if any. The obligations
of any guarantor under its guarantee will be limited as necessary to prevent that guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance
under applicable law. In the event that any series of debt securities will be subordinated to other indebtedness that we have outstanding
or may incur, the terms of the subordination will be set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the subordinated debt securities.
 We may issue debt securities
from time to time in one or more series, in each case with the same or various maturities, at par or at a discount. Unless indicated in
a prospectus supplement, we may issue additional debt securities of a particular series without the consent of the holders of the debt
securities of such series outstanding at the time of the issuance. Any such additional debt securities, together with all other outstanding
debt securities of that series, will constitute a single series of debt securities under the applicable Indenture and will be equal in
ranking.
 Should an Indenture relate
to unsecured indebtedness, in the event of a bankruptcy or other liquidation event involving a distribution of assets to satisfy our outstanding
indebtedness or an event of default under a loan agreement relating to secured indebtedness of our company or its subsidiaries, the holders
of such secured indebtedness, if any, would be entitled to receive payment of principal and interest prior to payments on the unsecured
indebtedness issued under an Indenture.
 Each prospectus supplement
will describe the terms relating to the specific series of debt securities. These terms will include some or all of the following:
 ● | 
 the title of debt securities and whether the debt securities are senior or subordinated; | 
 ● | 
 any limit on the aggregate principal amount of debt securities of such series; | 
 ● | 
 the percentage of the principal amount at which the debt securities of any series will be issued; | 
 ● | 
 the ability to issue additional debt securities of the same series; | 
 ● | 
 the purchase price for the debt securities and the denominations of the debt securities; | 
 18 
 ● | 
 the specific designation of the series of debt securities being offered; | 
 ● | 
 the maturity date or dates of the debt securities and the date or dates upon which the debt securities are payable and the rate or rates at which the debt securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, which may be fixed or variable, or the method by which such rate shall be determined; | 
 ● | 
 the basis for calculating interest; | 
 ● | 
 the date or dates from which any interest will accrue or the method by which such date or dates will be determined; | 
 ● | 
 the duration of any deferral period, including the period during which interest payment periods may be extended; | 
 ● | 
 whether the amount of payments of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on the debt securities may be determined with reference to any index, formula or other method, such as one or more currencies, commodities, equity indices or other indices, and the manner of determining the amount of such payments; | 
 ● | 
 the dates on which we will pay interest on the debt securities and the regular record date for determining who is entitled to the interest payable on any interest payment date; | 
 ● | 
 the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the debt securities will be payable, where any securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange or conversion, as applicable, and notices and demands may be delivered to or upon us pursuant to the applicable Indenture; | 
 ● | 
 the rate or rates of amortization of the debt securities; | 
 ● | 
 any terms for the attachment to the debt securities of warrants, options or other rights to purchase or sell our securities; | 
 ● | 
 if the debt securities will be secured by any collateral and, if so, a general description of the collateral and the terms and provisions of such collateral security, pledge or other agreements; | 
 ● | 
 if we possess the option to do so, the periods within which and the prices at which we may redeem the debt securities, in whole or in part, pursuant to optional redemption provisions, and the other terms and conditions of any such provisions; | 
 ● | 
 our obligation or discretion, if any, to redeem, repay or purchase debt securities by making periodic payments to a sinking fund or through an analogous provision or at the option of holders of the debt securities, and the period or periods within which and the price or prices at which we will redeem, repay or purchase the debt securities, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation, and the other terms and conditions of such obligation; | 
 ● | 
 the terms and conditions, if any, regarding the option or mandatory conversion or exchange of debt securities; | 
 ● | 
 the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which any debt securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part at our option and, if other than by a board resolution, the manner in which any election by us to redeem the debt securities shall be evidenced; | 
 ● | 
 any restriction or condition on the transferability of the debt securities of a particular series; | 
 ● | 
 the portion, or methods of determining the portion, of the principal amount of the debt securities which we must pay upon the acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities in connection with any event of default; | 
 ● | 
 the currency or currencies in which the debt securities will be denominated and in which principal, any premium and any interest will or may be payable or a description of any units based on or relating to a currency or currencies in which the debt securities will be denominated; | 
 ● | 
 provisions, if any, granting special rights to holders of the debt securities upon the occurrence of specified events; | 
 ● | 
 any deletions from, modifications of or additions to the events of default or our covenants with respect to the applicable series of debt securities, and whether or not such events of default or covenants are consistent with those contained in the applicable Indenture; | 
 19 
 ● | 
 any limitation on our ability to incur debt, redeem stock, sell our assets or other restrictions; | 
 ● | 
 the application, if any, of the terms of the applicable Indenture relating to defeasance and covenant defeasance (which terms are described below) to the debt securities; | 
 ● | 
 what subordination provisions will apply to the debt securities; | 
 ● | 
 the terms, if any, upon which the holders may convert or exchange the debt securities into or for our securities or property; | 
 ● | 
 whether we are issuing the debt securities in whole or in part in global form; | 
 ● | 
 any change in the right of the trustee or the requisite holders of debt securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable because of an event of default; | 
 ● | 
 the depositary for global or certificated debt securities, if any; | 
 ● | 
 any material federal income tax consequences applicable to the debt securities, including any debt securities denominated and made payable, as described in the prospectus supplements, in foreign currencies, or units based on or related to foreign currencies; | 
 ● | 
 any right we may have to satisfy, discharge and defease our obligations under the debt securities, or terminate or eliminate restrictive covenants or events of default in the Indentures, by depositing money or U.S. government obligations with the trustee of the Indentures; | 
 ● | 
 the names of any trustees, depositories, authenticating or paying agents, transfer agents or registrars or other agents with respect to the debt securities; | 
 ● | 
 to whom any interest on any debt security shall be payable, if other than the person in whose name the security is registered, on the record date for such interest, the extent to which, or the manner in which, any interest payable on a temporary global debt security will be paid; | 
 ● | 
 if the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities is to be payable in one or more currencies or currency units other than as stated, the currency, currencies or currency units in which it shall be paid and the periods within and terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made and the amounts payable (or the manner in which such amount shall be determined); | 
 ● | 
 the portion of the principal amount of any debt securities which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities pursuant to the applicable Indenture; | 
 ● | 
 if the principal amount payable at the stated maturity of any debt security of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more dates prior to the stated maturity, the amount which shall be deemed to be the principal amount of such debt securities as of any such date for any purpose, including the principal amount thereof which shall be due and payable upon any maturity other than the stated maturity or which shall be deemed to be outstanding as of any date prior to the stated maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount shall be determined); and | 
 ● | 
 any other specific terms of the debt securities, including any modifications to the events of default under the debt securities and any other terms which may be required by or advisable under applicable laws or regulations. | 
 Unless otherwise specified
in the applicable prospectus supplement, we do not anticipate the debt securities will be listed on any securities exchange. Holders
of the debt securities may present registered debt securities for exchange or transfer in the manner described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Except as limited by the applicable Indenture, we will provide these services without charge, other than any tax or other
governmental charge payable in connection with the exchange or transfer.
 20 
 Debt securities may bear interest
at a fixed rate or a variable rate as specified in the prospectus supplement. In addition, if specified in the prospectus supplement,
we may sell debt securities bearing no interest or interest at a rate that at the time of issuance is below the prevailing market rate,
or at a discount below their stated principal amount. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement any special federal income
tax considerations applicable to these discounted debt securities.
 We may issue debt securities
with the principal amount payable on any principal payment date, or the amount of interest payable on any interest payment date, to be
determined by referring to one or more currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity indices or other factors. Holders of such debt
securities may receive a principal amount on any principal payment date, or interest payments on any interest payment date, that are greater
or less than the amount of principal or interest otherwise payable on such dates, depending upon the value on such dates of applicable
currency, commodity, equity index or other factors. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information as to how we will determine
the amount of principal or interest payable on any date, as well as the currencies, commodities, equity indices or other factors to which
the amount payable on that date relates and certain additional tax considerations.
 Units 
 We may issue units consisting
of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus in one or more series. We may evidence each series of
units by unit certificates that we may issue under a separate agreement. We may enter into unit agreements with a unit agent. Each unit
agent, if any, may be a bank or trust company that we select. We will indicate the name and address of the unit agent, if any, in the
applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of units. Specific unit agreements, if any, will contain additional important
terms and provisions. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate
by reference from a current report that we file with the SEC, the form of unit and the form of each unit agreement, if any, relating to
units offered under this prospectus.
 If we offer any units, certain
terms of that series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, without limitation, the following,
as applicable:
 ● | 
 the title of the series of units; | 
 ● | 
 identification and description of the separate constituent securities comprising the units; | 
 ● | 
 the price or prices at which the units will be issued; | 
 ● | 
 the date, if any, on and after which the constituent securities comprising the units will be separately transferable; | 
 ● | 
 a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the units; and | 
 ● | 
 any other material terms of the units and their constituent securities. | 
 21 
 FORMS OF SECURITIES 
 Each security may be represented
either by a certificate issued in definitive form to a particular investor or by one or more global securities representing the entire
issuance of securities. Certificated securities in definitive form and global securities will be issued in registered form. Definitive
securities name you or your nominee as the owner of the security, and in order to transfer or exchange these securities or to receive
payments other than interest or other interim payments, you or your nominee must physically deliver the securities to the trustee, registrar,
paying agent or other agent, as applicable. Global securities name a depositary or its nominee as the owner of the debt securities, warrants
or units represented by these global securities. The depositary maintains a computerized system that will reflect each investor’s
beneficial ownership of the securities through an account maintained by the investor with its broker/dealer, bank, trust company or other
representative, as we explain more fully below.
 Registered Global Securities 
 We may issue the securities
in the form of one or more fully registered global securities that will be deposited with a depositary or its nominee identified in the
applicable prospectus supplement and registered in the name of that depositary or nominee. In those cases, one or more registered global
securities will be issued in a denomination or aggregate denominations equal to the portion of the aggregate principal or face amount
of the securities to be represented by registered global securities. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole for securities in definitive
registered form, a registered global security may not be transferred except as a whole by and among the depositary for the registered
global security, the nominees of the depositary or any successors of the depositary or those nominees.
 The specific terms of the
depositary arrangement with respect to any securities to be represented by a registered global security will be described in the prospectus
supplement relating to those securities. We anticipate that the following provisions will apply to all depositary arrangements.
 Ownership of beneficial interests
in a registered global security will be limited to persons, called participants, that have accounts with the depositary or persons that
may hold interests through participants. Upon the issuance of a registered global security, the depositary will credit, on its book-entry
registration and transfer system, the participants’ accounts with the respective principal or face amounts of the securities beneficially
owned by the participants. Any dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution of the securities will designate the
accounts to be credited. Ownership of beneficial interests in a registered global security will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership
interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the depositary, with respect to interests of participants, and on the records
of participants, with respect to interests of persons holding through participants. The laws of some states may require that some purchasers
of securities take physical delivery of these securities in definitive form. These laws may impair your ability to own, transfer or pledge
beneficial interests in registered global securities.
 So long as the depositary,
or its nominee, is the registered owner of a registered global security, that depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, will be considered
the sole owner or holder of the securities represented by the registered global security for all purposes under the applicable indenture,
warrant agreement or unit agreement.
 Except as described below,
owners of beneficial interests in a registered global security will not be entitled to have the securities represented by the registered
global security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the securities in definitive
form and will not be considered the owners or holders of the securities under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement or unit agreement.
Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a registered global security must rely on the procedures of the depositary for
that registered global security and, if that person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which the person
owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement or unit agreement. We understand
that under existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or if an owner of a beneficial interest in a registered global
security desires to give or take any action that a holder is entitled to give or take under the applicable indenture, warrant agreement
or unit agreement, the depositary for the registered global security would authorize the participants holding the relevant beneficial
interests to give or take that action, and the participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through them to give or take that
action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners holding through them.
 Payments to holders with respect
to securities represented by a registered global security registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee will be made to the depositary
or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the registered global security. None of the Company, the trustees, the
warrant agents, the unit agents or any other agent of the Company, agent of the trustees, the warrant agents or unit agents will have
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in
the registered global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to those beneficial ownership interests.
 We expect that the depositary
for any of the securities represented by a registered global security, upon receipt of any payment of principal, premium, interest or
other payment or distribution to holders of that registered global security, will immediately credit participants’ accounts in amounts
proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in that registered global security as shown on the records of the depositary. We
also expect that payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in a registered global security held through participants
will be governed by standing customer instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with the securities held for the accounts
of customers or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of those participants.
 If the depositary for any
of these securities represented by a registered global security is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or ceases
to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange
Act is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue securities in definitive form in exchange for the registered global security
that had been held by the depositary. Any securities issued in definitive form in exchange for a registered global security will be registered
in the name or names that the depositary gives to the relevant trustee, warrant agent, unit agent or other relevant agent of ours or theirs.
It is expected that the depositary’s instructions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from participants with
respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the registered global security that had been held by the depositary.
 22 
 LEGAL MATTERS 
 Unless otherwise indicated
in the applicable prospectus supplement, the validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York. If legal matters in connection with offerings made by this prospectus are passed on by
counsel for the underwriters, dealers or agents, if any, that counsel will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement.
 EXPERTS 
 The financial statements of SoundHound
AI, Inc. and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2025 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report (which contains an adverse opinion on the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting and a paragraph relating to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
due to the exclusion of Interactions Corporation because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination during 2025) of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 
 The
consolidated financial statements of LivePerson, Inc. as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for each of the three years in period ended
December 31, 2025, included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Registration Statement have been so included in reliance on the report of BDO USA,
P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 
 The consolidated financial statements
of Interactions Corporation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of SoundHound
AI, Inc., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November, 14, 2025, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP independent
auditors, as set forth in their report thereon, included therein, and incorporated by reference herein. Such consolidated financial statements
are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 
 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 This prospectus is part of
the registration statement on Form S-3 we filed with the SEC under the Securities Act and does not contain all the information set forth
or incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements
or other documents, the reference may not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement
or the exhibits to the reports or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement
or other document. We file annual, quarter and periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC using its EDGAR system.
The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of such site is http//www.sec.gov.
 23 
 INCORPORATION OF DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE 
 We are “incorporating
by reference” in this prospectus certain documents we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to those documents. The information in the documents incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this
prospectus. Statements contained in documents that we file with the SEC and that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus will
automatically update and supersede information contained in this prospectus, including information in previously filed documents or reports
that have been incorporated by reference in this prospectus, to the extent the new information differs from or is inconsistent with the
old information. We have filed or may file the following documents with the SEC and they are incorporated herein by reference as of their
respective dates of filing.
 1. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on March 2, 2026;
 2. Our Definitive Proxy Statement 
filed with the SEC on April 9, 2026;
 3. Our Current Report on Form
8-K/A filed with the SEC on November 17, 2025 and our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March
18, 2026 and April
21, 2026 ; and
 4. The description of our
common stock and warrants contained in our Registration Statement on Form
8-A filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021 and the Description of Securities filed as Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such information.
 All documents that we filed
with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of this registration statement
and prior to the filing of a post-effective amendment to this registration statement that indicates that all securities offered under
this prospectus have been sold, or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold, will be deemed to be incorporated in this registration
statement by reference and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents.
 Any statement contained in
a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus shall be deemed modified, superseded or replaced
for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus, or in any subsequently filed document that
also is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus, modifies, supersedes or replaces such statement. Any statement so modified,
superseded or replaced shall not be deemed, except as so modified, superseded or replaced, to constitute a part of this prospectus. None
of the information that we disclose under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K or any corresponding information, either
furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit therein, that we may from time to time furnish to the SEC will be incorporated by
reference into, or otherwise included in, this prospectus, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the relevant document. Subject to
the foregoing, all information appearing in this prospectus is qualified in its entirety by the information appearing in the documents
incorporated by reference.
 You may request, orally or
in writing, a copy of these documents, which will be provided to you at no cost (other than exhibits, unless such exhibits are specifically
incorporate by reference), by contacting General Counsel, c/o SoundHound AI, Inc., at 5400 Betsy Ross Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054.
Our telephone number is (408) 441-3200. Information about us is also available at our website at www.soundhound.com . However,
the information in our website is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference.
 24 
