SOURCE: BLDP 40-F report=2025-12-31 filed=2026-03-12 acc=0001628280-26-017045
URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1453015/000162828026017045/bldp-20251231_d2.htm

 
 bldp-20251231_d2 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________ 
 FORM 40-F 
 ☐ | Registration statement pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 | 
 or 
 ☒ | Annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 | 
 For the fiscal year ended: 
 | December 31 , 2025 | Commission File Number: | 000-53543 | 
 ____________________ 
 Ballard Power Systems Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 British Columbia, Canada | 3620 | Not Applicable | 
 (Province or Other Jurisdiction of | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification | (I.R.S. Employer | 
 Incorporation or Organization) | Code Number) | Identification No.) | 
 9000 Glenlyon Parkway 
 Burnaby , BC 
 Canada V5J 5J8 
 ( 604 ) 454-0900 
 (Address and telephone number of registrant's principal executive offices) 
 ____________________ 
 CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY (CSC ) 
 19 West 44th street, Suite 200 
 New York , NY 1000510036 
 ( 800 ) 927-9800 
 (Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States) 
 ____________________ 
 Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: | Trading Symbol | Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered: | 
 Common Shares | BLDP | NASDAQ Global Market | 
 Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Not applicable 
 Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: Not applicable 
 For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form: 
 ☒ Annual Information Form 
 | ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements 
 | 
 Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the registrant's classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: As of December 31, 2025, there were 300,784,816 common shares outstanding. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Emerging growth company ☐ 
 If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒ 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 ☐ 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐ 
 This Annual Report (this "Annual Report") on Form 40-F shall be incorporated by reference into or as an exhibit to, as applicable, the following Registration Statements of the Registrant filed under the Securities Act of 1933: Form S-8 (File No. 333-271785); and Form F-10 (File No. 333-287958). 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The following documents of Ballard Power Systems Inc. (the "Registrant" or the "Company") are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report and are hereby incorporated by reference herein: 
 ● | the Registrant's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2025; | 
 ● | the Registrant's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, including the notes thereto, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon; and | 
 ● | the Registrant's Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025. | 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 The Company is a Canadian issuer eligible to file its annual report pursuant to Section 13 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") on Form 40-F. The Company is a "foreign private issuer" as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act and Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly, the Company's equity securities are exempt from Sections 14(a), 14(b), 14(c), 14(f) and 16 of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 3a12-3. 
 The Company is permitted, under a multi-jurisdictional disclosure system adopted by the United States, to prepare this Annual Report on Form 40-F in accordance with Canadian disclosure requirements, which are different from those of the United States. 
 The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Financial Accounting Standards Boards. Accordingly, the financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference in this Annual Report may not be comparable to financial statements of United States companies. 
 Our independent auditor is KPMG LLP, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (PCAOB Firm ID 85) 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements concerning anticipated developments in the operations of the Company in future periods, planned development activities, the adequacy of the Company's financial resources and other events or conditions that may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are frequently, but not always, identified by words such as "estimate", "project", "believe", "anticipate", "intend", "expect", "plan", "predict", "may", "should", "will" and similar expressions, or by statements that events, conditions or results "will," "may," "could" or "should" occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual achievements of the Company or other future events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, without limitation, those described in the Annual Information Form incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 
 The Company's forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions of management on the date the statements are made and the Company assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements in the future. For the reasons set forth above, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The required disclosure is included in Management's Discussion and Analysis, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2. 
 MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The required disclosure is included in Management's Discussion and Analysis, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2. 
 ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Registrant's independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. KPMG LLP's attestation is located in the 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in the Registrant's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 During the period covered by this Annual Report, no changes occurred in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR 
 There were no notices required by Rule 104 of Regulation BTR that the Company sent during the year ended December 31, 2025 concerning any equity security subject to a blackout period under Rule 101 of Regulation BTR. 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 
 The Board has a separately designated standing audit committee (the "Audit Committee") established for the purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and audits of the financial statements of the Company in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company's Audit Committee is comprised of Kathleen Bayless, Douglas P. Hayhurst, James Roche and Janet Woodruff, each of whom the Board has determined is independent, as that term is defined in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Market ("Nasdaq") and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. 
 The Registrant's Board of Directors has determined that the Audit Committee has at least four members, Kathleen Bayless, Douglas P. Hayhurst, James Roche and Janet Woodruff, who each qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined in paragraph (8)(b) of General Instruction B of Form 40-F, and is independent, as defined in the listing standards of Nasdaq. A description of Ms. Bayless', Mr. Hayhurst's, Mr. Roche's and Ms. Woodruff's qualifications are included in the Annual Information Form, under the heading "Audit Committee Matters", which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3. 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 The Registrant has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all members of its Board of Directors, as well as its officers and employees. A copy of the code of ethics is attached here as Exhibit 14.1 and also posted on the Registrant's Internet website at www.ballard.com, and is available in print to any person without charge, upon written request to the corporate secretary of the Registrant at the principal executive offices of the Registrant provided above. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the code of ethics was revised to address personal and organizational conflicts of interest in Section 6.0 and to add reference to a supplementary policy for conflicts of interest related to United States Department of Energy funded projects. If there are any amendments to the code of ethics, the Registrant intends to provide a brief description of the amendment and a copy of the amendment via its website. No waivers of the code of ethics have been granted to any principal officer of the Registrant or any person performing similar functions during the year ended December 31, 2025. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The required disclosure is included in the Annual Information Form, under the heading "Audit Committee Matters," which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 The required disclosure is included under the heading "Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements & Contractual Obligations" in Management's Discussion and Analysis, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2. 
 CASH REQUIREMENTS 
 The required disclosure is included under the heading "Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements & Contractual Obligations" in Management's Discussion and Analysis, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2. 
 NASDAQ CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Registrant's common shares are listed on Nasdaq. Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5615(a)(3) permits a foreign private issuer, such as the Registrant, to follow its home country practice in lieu of most of the requirements of the 5600 Series of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. For a discussion of the significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those required to be followed by U.S. domestic issuers under Nasdaq's corporate governance requirements, please refer to our website at www.ballard.com. 
 FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 Not applicable. 
 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 The following is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a U.S. Holder (as defined below) arising from and relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. 
 This summary is for general information purposes only and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential U.S. federal income tax considerations that may apply to a U.S. Holder arising from and relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of common shares. In addition, this summary does not take into account the individual facts and circumstances of any particular U.S. Holder that may affect the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to such U.S. Holder including, without limitation, specific tax consequences to a U.S. Holder under an applicable income tax treaty. Accordingly, this summary is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, legal or U.S. federal income tax advice with respect to any particular U.S. Holder. This summary does not address the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax, U.S. federal net investment income tax, U.S. federal estate and gift tax, U.S. state and local tax, or non‑U.S. tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of common shares. In addition, except as discussed below, this summary does not discuss applicable income tax reporting requirements. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, U.S. state and local and non-U.S. tax considerations applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. 
 No legal opinion from U.S. legal counsel or ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the " IRS ") has been requested, or will be obtained, regarding the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a U.S. Holder arising from or relating to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of common shares. This summary is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS is not precluded from taking a position that is different from, or contrary to, the positions taken in this summary. In addition, because the authorities on which this summary is based are subject to various interpretations, the IRS and the U.S. courts could disagree with one or more of the conclusions described in this summary. 
 This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the " Code "), Treasury Regulations (whether final, temporary, or proposed) promulgated thereunder, published rulings of the IRS, published administrative positions of the IRS, the Convention between the United States of America and Canada with Respect to Taxes on Income and on Capital of 1980, as amended (the " Canada-U.S. Tax Convention "), and U.S. court decisions that are applicable and, in each case, as in effect and available, as of the date of this document. Any of the authorities on which this summary is based could be changed in a material and adverse manner at any time, and any such change could be applied on a retroactive or prospective basis. This summary does not discuss the potential effects, whether adverse or beneficial, of any proposed legislation that, if enacted, could be applied on a retroactive or prospective basis. 
 U.S. Holders 
 For purposes of this summary, the term " U.S. Holder " means a beneficial owner of common shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 a. an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 b. a corporation organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 c. an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 d. a trust that (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or more U.S. persons for all substantial decisions or (b) has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 U.S. Holders Subject to Special U.S. Federal Income Tax Rules Not Addressed 
 This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to U.S. Holders that are subject to special provisions under the Code, including, but not limited to, U.S. Holders that: (a) are tax-exempt organizations, qualified retirement plans, individual retirement accounts, or other tax-deferred accounts; (b) are banks, financial institutions, underwriters, insurance companies, real estate investment trusts, or regulated investment companies; (c) are broker-dealers, dealers, or traders in securities or currencies that elect to apply a mark-to-market accounting method; (d) have a "functional currency" other than the U.S. dollar; (e) own common shares as part of a straddle, hedging transaction, conversion transaction, constructive sale, or other integrated transaction; (f) acquire common shares in connection with the exercise or cancellation of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation for services; (g) hold common shares other than as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment purposes); (h) are partnerships or other "pass-through" entities (and investors in such partnerships and entities); (i) are S corporations (and shareholders thereof); (j) are U.S. expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; (k) hold common shares in connection with a trade or business, permanent establishment, or fixed base outside the United States; (l) are subject to special tax accounting rules with respect to the common shares; or (m) own, have owned or will own (directly, indirectly, or by attribution) 10% or more of the total combined voting power or value of the outstanding shares of the Company. U.S. Holders that are subject to special provisions under the Code, including, but not limited to, U.S. Holders described immediately above, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. 
 If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership (or other pass-through entity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds common shares, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such entity or arrangement and the partners (or other owners or participants) of such entity or arrangement generally will depend on the activities of the entity or arrangement and the status of such partners (or other owners or participants). This summary does not address the tax consequences to any such entity, arrangement or partner (or other owner or participant). Partners (or other owners or participants) of entities or arrangements that are classified as partnerships or as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax considerations arising from and relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. 
 Ownership and Disposition of Common Shares 
 The following discussion is subject in its entirety to the rules described below under the heading " Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ". 
 Distributions on Common Shares 
 A U.S. Holder that receives a distribution, including a constructive distribution, with respect to a common share will be required to include the amount of such distribution in gross income as a dividend (without reduction for any Canadian income tax withheld from such distribution) to the extent of the current or accumulated "earnings and profits" of the Company, as computed in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles. To the extent that a distribution exceeds the current and accumulated "earnings and profits" of the Company, such distribution will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of a U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the common shares and thereafter as gain from the sale or exchange of such common shares (see " Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares " below). However, the Company may not maintain calculations of its earnings and profits in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles, and each U.S. Holder should therefore assume that any distribution by the Company with respect to the common shares will constitute ordinary dividend income. Dividends received on common shares by corporate U.S. Holders generally will not be eligible for the "dividends received deduction". 
 Subject to applicable limitations and provided the Company is eligible for the benefits of the Canada-U.S. Tax Convention or the common shares are readily tradable on a United States securities market, dividends paid by the Company to non-corporate U.S. Holders, including individuals, generally will be eligible for the preferential tax 
 rates applicable to long-term capital gains for dividends, provided certain holding period and other conditions are satisfied, including that the Company not be classified as a PFIC (as defined below) in the tax year of distribution or in the preceding tax year. A dividend generally will be taxed to a U.S. Holder at ordinary income tax rates (rather than preferential rates for qualified dividend income to the extent otherwise applicable) if the Company is a PFIC for the tax year of such distribution or the preceding tax year. The dividend rules are complex, and each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of such rules. 
 Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Shares 
 Upon the sale or other taxable disposition of common shares, a U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (a) the U.S. dollar value of any cash received plus the fair market value of any property received and (b) such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in such common shares sold or otherwise disposed of. Gain or loss recognized on such sale or other disposition generally will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if, at the time of the sale or other taxable disposition, such common shares are held for more than one year. 
 Preferential tax rates currently apply to long-term capital gains of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate, or trust. There are currently no preferential tax rates for long-term capital gains of a U.S. Holder that is a corporation. Deductions for capital losses are subject to significant limitations under the Code. 
 Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules 
 If the Company constitutes a "passive foreign investment company" within the meaning of Section 1297(a) of the Code (a " PFIC ") for any year during a U.S. Holder's holding period, then certain potentially adverse rules would affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such U.S. Holder resulting from the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. The Company believes that it was classified as a PFIC for its most recently completed tax year. No determination has been made by the Company with respect to its anticipated PFIC status for its current tax year or any future tax year. No opinion of legal counsel or ruling from the IRS concerning the status of the Company as a PFIC has been obtained or is currently planned to be requested. The determination of whether any corporation was, or will be, a PFIC for a tax year depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations. In addition, whether any corporation will be a PFIC for any tax year depends on the assets and income of such corporation over the course of each such tax year and, as a result, the PFIC status of the Company and any non-U.S. subsidiary of the Company for its current tax year or any future tax year cannot be predicted with certainty as of the date of this document. The Company's PFIC classification for its current or future tax years may depend on, among other things, the manner in which, and how quickly, the Company utilizes its cash on hand, the income generated by it and its subsidiaries, as well as on changes in the market value of common shares. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge any determination made by the Company (or any subsidiary of the Company) concerning its PFIC status. If the Company is a PFIC for any tax year during which a U.S. Holder holds common shares, the Company will continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such U.S. Holder, regardless of whether it ceases to be a PFIC in one or more subsequent tax years. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the PFIC status of the Company and the PFIC status of each non-U.S. subsidiary of the Company. 
 In any year in which the Company is classified as a PFIC, a U.S. Holder will be required to file an annual report with the IRS containing such information as Treasury Regulations and/or other IRS guidance may require. In addition to penalties, a failure to satisfy such reporting requirements may result in an extension of the time period during which the IRS can assess a tax. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the requirements of filing such information returns under these rules, including the requirement to file an IRS Form 8621 annually. 
 The Company generally will be a PFIC if, for a tax year, (a) 75% or more of the gross income of the Company is passive income (the " PFIC income test ") or (b) 50% or more of the value of the Company's assets either produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income, based on the quarterly average of the fair market value of such assets (the " PFIC asset test "). "Gross income" generally includes all sales revenues less the cost of goods sold, plus income from investments and from incidental or outside operations or sources, and 
 "passive income" generally includes, for example, dividends, interest, certain rents and royalties, certain gains from the sale of stock and securities, and certain gains from commodities transactions. Active business gains arising from the sale of commodities generally are excluded from passive income if substantially all of a foreign corporation's commodities are stock in trade or other inventory, depreciable property used in its trade or business, or supplies regularly used or consumed in the ordinary course of its trade or business and certain other requirements are satisfied. 
 For purposes of the PFIC income test and PFIC asset test described above, if the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the total value of the outstanding shares of another corporation, the Company will be treated as if the Company (a) held a proportionate share of the assets of such other corporation and (b) received directly a proportionate share of the income of such other corporation. No determination has been made by the Company with respect to the anticipated PFIC status for any entity in which the Company holds a direct or indirect interest for any particular tax year. In addition, for purposes of the PFIC income test and PFIC asset test described above, and assuming certain other requirements are met, "passive income" does not include certain interest, dividends, rents, or royalties that are received or accrued by the Company from certain "related persons" (as defined in Section 954(d)(3) of the Code), to the extent such items are properly allocable to the income of such related person that is not passive income. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the PFIC classification for each entity in which the Company holds a direct or indirect interest in the event the Company is classified as a PFIC for any particular tax year. 
 Under certain attribution rules, if the Company is a PFIC, U.S. Holders will generally be deemed to own their proportionate share of the Company's direct or indirect equity interest in any company that is also a PFIC (a " Subsidiary PFIC "), and will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax under the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed below on their proportionate share of (a) any "excess distributions," as described below, on the stock of a Subsidiary PFIC and (b) a disposition or deemed disposition of the stock of a Subsidiary PFIC by the Company or another Subsidiary PFIC, both as if such U.S. Holders directly held the shares of such Subsidiary PFIC. In addition, U.S. Holders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any indirect gain realized on the stock of a Subsidiary PFIC on the sale or disposition of common shares. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should be aware that they could be subject to tax under the PFIC rules even if no distributions are received and no redemptions or other dispositions of common shares are made. 
 Default PFIC Rules Under Section 1291 of the Code 
 If the Company is a PFIC for any tax year during which a U.S. Holder owns common shares, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such U.S. Holder of the ownership and disposition of common shares will depend on whether and when such U.S. Holder makes elections to treat the Company and each Subsidiary PFIC, if any, as a "qualified electing fund" (a " QEF ") under Section 1295 of the Code (a " QEF Election ") or makes a mark-to-market election under Section 1296 of the Code (a " Mark-to-Market Election ") with respect to its common shares. A U.S. Holder that does not make either a QEF Election or a Mark-to-Market Election will be referred to in this summary as a " Non-Electing U.S. Holder ". 
 A Non-Electing U.S. Holder will be subject to the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code (described below) with respect to: (a) any gain recognized on the sale or other taxable disposition of common shares; and (b) any "excess distribution" received on the common shares. A distribution generally will be an "excess distribution" to the extent that such distribution (together with all other distributions received in the current tax year) exceeds 125% of the average distributions received during the three preceding tax years (or during a U.S. Holder's holding period for the common shares, if shorter). 
 Under Section 1291 of the Code, if the Company were to constitute a PFIC during a Non-Electing U.S. Holder's holding period of common shares, any gain recognized on the sale or other taxable disposition of common shares (including an indirect disposition of the stock of any Subsidiary PFIC), and any "excess distribution" received on common shares or a distribution by a Subsidiary PFIC to its shareholder that is deemed to be received by a U.S. Holder, must be ratably allocated to each day in a Non-Electing U.S. Holder's holding period for the respective common shares. The amount of any such gain or excess distribution allocated to the tax year of disposition or distribution of the excess distribution and to years before the entity became a PFIC, if any, would be taxed as 
 ordinary income (and not eligible for certain preferential rates). The amounts allocated to any other tax year would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the highest tax rate applicable to ordinary income in each such year, and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax liability for each such year, calculated as if such tax liability had been due in each such year. A Non-Electing U.S. Holder that is not a corporation must treat any such interest paid as "personal interest," which is not deductible. 
 If the Company is a PFIC for any tax year during which a Non-Electing U.S. Holder holds common shares and the Company ceases to be a PFIC, a Non-Electing U.S. Holder may terminate ongoing deemed PFIC status with respect to its common shares by electing to recognize gain (which will be taxed under the rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above), but not loss, as if such common shares were sold on the last day of the last tax year for which the Company was a PFIC. 
 QEF Election 
 A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective QEF Election for the first tax year in which its holding period of its common shares begins generally will not be subject to the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above with respect to its common shares. A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective QEF Election will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such U.S. Holder's pro rata share of (a) the net capital gain of the Company, which will be taxed as long-term capital gain to such U.S. Holder, and (b) the ordinary earnings of the Company, which will be taxed as ordinary income to such U.S. Holder. Generally, "net capital gain" is the excess of (a) net long-term capital gain over (b) net short-term capital loss, and "ordinary earnings" are the excess of (a) "earnings and profits" over (b) net capital gain. A U.S. Holder that makes a QEF Election will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such amounts for each tax year in which the Company is a PFIC, regardless of whether such amounts are actually distributed to such U.S. Holder by the Company. However, for any tax year in which the Company is a PFIC and has no net income or gain, U.S. Holders that have made a QEF Election would not have any income inclusions as a result of the QEF Election. If a U.S. Holder that made a QEF Election has an income inclusion, such a U.S. Holder may, subject to certain limitations, elect to defer payment of current U.S. federal income tax on such amounts, subject to an interest charge. If such U.S. Holder is not a corporation, any such interest paid will be treated as "personal interest," which is not deductible. 
 A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective QEF Election with respect to the Company generally (a) may receive a tax-free distribution from the Company to the extent that such distribution represents "earnings and profits" of the Company, as computed in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles, that were previously included in income by the U.S. Holder because of such QEF Election and (b) will adjust such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the common shares to reflect the amount included in income or allowed as a tax-free distribution because of such QEF Election. In addition, a U.S. Holder that makes a QEF Election generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of common shares. 
 The procedure for making a QEF Election, and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of making a QEF Election, will depend on whether such QEF Election is timely. A QEF Election will be treated as "timely" for purposes of avoiding the default PFIC rules discussed above if such QEF Election is made for the first year in the U.S. Holder's holding period for the common shares in which the Company was a PFIC. A U.S. Holder may make a timely QEF Election by filing the appropriate QEF Election documents at the time such U.S. Holder files a U.S. federal income tax return for such year. If a U.S. Holder does not make a timely and effective QEF Election for the first year in the U.S. Holder's holding period for the common shares, the U.S. Holder may still be able to make a timely and effective QEF Election in a subsequent year if such U.S. Holder meets certain requirements and makes a "purging" election to recognize gain (which will be taxed under the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above) as if such common shares were sold for their fair market value on the day the QEF Election is effective. If a U.S. Holder makes a QEF Election but does not make a "purging" election to recognize gain as discussed in the preceding sentence, then such U.S. Holder will be subject to the QEF Election rules and will continue to be subject to tax under the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above with respect to the common shares. 
 A QEF Election will apply to the tax year for which such QEF Election is timely made and to all subsequent tax years, unless such QEF Election is invalidated or terminated or the IRS consents to revocation of such QEF 
 Election. If a U.S. Holder makes a QEF Election and, in a subsequent tax year, the Company ceases to be a PFIC, the QEF Election will remain in effect (although it will not be applicable) during those tax years in which the Company is not a PFIC. Accordingly, if the Company becomes a PFIC again in a later tax year, the QEF Election will still be effective and the U.S. Holder will be subject to the QEF rules described above during any subsequent tax year in which the Company qualifies as a PFIC. If a U.S. Holder owns PFIC stock indirectly through another PFIC, separate QEF Elections must be made for the PFIC in which the U.S. Holder is a direct shareholder and the Subsidiary PFIC for the QEF rules to apply to both PFICs. 
 A U.S. Holder makes a QEF Election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, to a timely filed United States federal income tax return. However, if the Company does not provide the required information with regard to the Company or any of its Subsidiary PFICs, U.S. Holders will not be able to make a QEF Election for such entity and will continue to be subject to the rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above that apply to Non-Electing U.S. Holders with respect to the taxation of gains and excess distributions. 
 For each tax year that the Company qualifies as a PFIC, the Company: (a) intends to make publicly available to U.S. Holders, upon their written request, a "PFIC Annual Information Statement" for the Company as described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1295-1(g) (or any successor Treasury Regulation) and (b) upon written request, intends to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such additional information that such U.S. Holder is reasonably required to obtain in connection with maintaining such QEF Election with regard to the Company. The Company may elect to provide such information on the Company's website. However, U.S. Holders should be aware that the Company can provide no assurances that the Company will provide any such information relating to any Subsidiary PFIC and as a result, a QEF Election may not be available with respect to any Subsidiary PFIC. Because the Company may own shares in one or more Subsidiary PFICs at any time, U.S. Holders will continue to be subject to the rules discussed above with respect to the taxation of gains and excess distributions with respect to any Subsidiary PFIC for which the U.S. Holders do not obtain such required information. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the availability of, and procedure for making, a QEF Election with respect to the Company and any Subsidiary PFIC. 
 Mark-to-Market Election 
 A U.S. Holder may make a Mark-to-Market Election with respect to its common shares only if the common shares are marketable stock. The common shares generally will be "marketable stock" if the common shares are regularly traded on (a) a national securities exchange that is registered with the SEC, (b) the national market system established pursuant to section 11A of the Exchange Act, or (c) a foreign securities exchange that is regulated or supervised by a governmental authority of the country in which the market is located, provided that (i) such foreign exchange has trading volume, listing, financial disclosure, and surveillance requirements, and meets other requirements and the laws of the country in which such foreign exchange is located, together with the rules of such foreign exchange, ensure that such requirements are actually enforced and (ii) the rules of such foreign exchange effectively promote active trading of listed stocks. If such stock is traded on such a qualified exchange or other market, such stock generally will be considered "regularly traded" for any calendar year during which such stock is traded, other than in de minimis quantities, on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors in this matter. 
 A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective Mark-to-Market Election with respect to its common shares generally will not be subject to the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above with respect to such common shares. However, if a U.S. Holder does not make a Mark-to-Market Election beginning in the first tax year of such U.S. Holder's holding period for the common shares for which the Company is a PFIC (and such U.S. Holder has not made a timely QEF Election), the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code discussed above will apply to certain dispositions of, and distributions on, the common shares. 
 A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective Mark-to-Market Election will include in ordinary income, for each tax year in which the Company is a PFIC, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the fair market value of the common shares, as of the close of such tax year over (b) such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in such common shares. A U.S. Holder that makes a Mark-to-Market Election will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to the 
 excess, if any, of (a) such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the common shares, over (b) the fair market value of such common shares (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the Mark-to-Market Election for prior tax years). 
 A U.S. Holder that makes a timely and effective Mark-to-Market Election generally also will adjust such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the common shares to reflect the amount included in gross income or allowed as a deduction because of such Mark-to-Market Election. In addition, upon a sale or other taxable disposition of common shares, a U.S. Holder that makes a Mark-to-Market Election will recognize ordinary income or ordinary loss (not to exceed the excess, if any, of (a) the amount included in ordinary income because of such Mark-to-Market Election for prior tax years over (b) the amount allowed as a deduction because of such Mark-to-Market Election for prior tax years). Losses that exceed this limitation are subject to the rules generally applicable to losses provided in the Code and Treasury Regulations. 
 A U.S. Holder makes a Mark-to-Market Election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 to a timely filed United States federal income tax return. A timely Mark-to-Market Election applies to the tax year for which such Mark-to-Market Election is made and to each subsequent tax year, unless the common shares cease to be "marketable stock" or the IRS consents to revocation of such election. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the availability of, and procedure for making, a Mark-to-Market Election. 
 Although a U.S. Holder may be eligible to make a Mark-to-Market Election with respect to the common shares, no such election may be made with respect to the stock of any Subsidiary PFIC that a U.S. Holder is treated as owning, if such stock is not itself marketable stock. Hence, the Mark-to-Market Election would not be effective to eliminate the application of the default rules of Section 1291 of the Code described above with respect to deemed dispositions of Subsidiary PFIC stock or excess distributions from a Subsidiary PFIC to its shareholder. 
 Other PFIC Rules 
 Under Section 1291(f) of the Code, the IRS has issued proposed Treasury Regulations that, subject to certain exceptions, would cause a U.S. Holder that has not made a timely QEF Election to recognize gain (but not loss) upon certain transfers of common shares that would otherwise be tax-deferred (e.g., gifts and exchanges pursuant to corporate reorganizations) in the event that the Company is a PFIC during such U.S. Holder's holding period for the relevant common shares. However, the specific U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder may vary based on the manner in which common shares are transferred. 
 If finalized in their current form, the proposed Treasury Regulations applicable to PFICs would be effective for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 1992. Because the proposed Treasury Regulations have not yet been adopted in final form, they are not currently effective, and there is no assurance that they will be adopted in the form and with the effective date proposed. Nevertheless, the IRS has announced that, in the absence of final Treasury Regulations, taxpayers may apply reasonable interpretations of the Code provisions applicable to PFICs and that it considers the rules set forth in the proposed Treasury Regulations to be reasonable interpretations of those Code provisions. The PFIC rules are complex, and the implementation of certain aspects of the PFIC rules requires the issuance of Treasury Regulations which in many instances have not been promulgated and which, when promulgated, may have retroactive effect. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors about the potential applicability of the proposed Treasury Regulations. 
 Certain additional adverse rules may apply with respect to a U.S. Holder if the Company is a PFIC, regardless of whether such U.S. Holder makes a QEF Election. For example, under Section 1298(b)(6) of the Code, a U.S. Holder that uses common shares as security for a loan will, except as may be provided in Treasury Regulations, be treated as having made a taxable disposition of such common shares. 
 In addition, a U.S. Holder who acquires common shares from a decedent generally will not receive a "step up" in tax basis of such common shares to fair market value unless such decedent had a timely and effective QEF Election in place. 
 Special rules also apply to the amount of foreign tax credit that a U.S. Holder may claim on a distribution from a PFIC. Subject to such special rules, foreign taxes paid with respect to any distribution in respect of stock in a PFIC are generally eligible for the foreign tax credit. The rules relating to distributions by a PFIC and their eligibility for the foreign tax credit are complicated, and a U.S. Holder should consult with its own tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit with respect to distributions by a PFIC. 
 The PFIC rules are complex, and each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the PFIC rules (including the applicability and advisability of a QEF Election or Mark-to-Market Election) and how the PFIC rules may affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of common shares. 
 Additional Considerations 
 Receipt of Foreign Currency 
 The amount of any distribution paid to a U.S. Holder in foreign currency, or payment received in foreign currency on the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of common shares, generally will be equal to the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency based on the exchange rate applicable on the date of receipt or, if applicable, the date of settlement if the common shares are traded on an established securities market (regardless of whether such foreign currency is converted into U.S. dollars at that time). If the foreign currency received is not converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in the foreign currency equal to its U.S. dollar value on the date of receipt. Any U.S. Holder who converts or otherwise disposes of the foreign currency after the date of receipt may have a foreign currency exchange gain or loss that would be treated as ordinary income or loss, and generally will be U.S.-source income or loss for foreign tax credit purposes. Different rules apply to U.S. Holders who use the accrual method of tax accounting. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own U.S. tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of receiving, owning, and disposing of foreign currency. 
 Foreign Tax Credit 
 Dividends paid on the common shares will be treated as foreign-source income and generally will be treated as "passive category income" or "general category income" for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Any gain or loss recognized on a sale or other disposition of common shares generally will be U.S.-source gain or loss. Certain U.S. Holders that are eligible for the benefits of the Canada-U.S. Tax Convention may elect to treat such gain or loss as Canadian-source gain or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The Code applies various complex limitations on the amount of foreign taxes that may be claimed as a credit by U.S. taxpayers. In addition, Treasury Regulations that apply to foreign taxes paid or accrued (the " Foreign Tax Credit Regulations ") impose additional requirements for Canadian withholding taxes to be eligible for a foreign tax credit, and there can be no assurance that those requirements will be satisfied. The Treasury Department has released guidance temporarily pausing the application of certain of the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations. 
 Subject to the PFIC rules and the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations, each as discussed above, a U.S. Holder that pays (whether directly or through withholding) Canadian income tax with respect to dividends paid on the common shares generally will be entitled, at the election of such U.S. Holder, to receive either a deduction or a credit for such Canadian income tax paid. Generally, a credit will reduce a U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability on a dollar-for-dollar basis, whereas a deduction will reduce a U.S. Holder's income that is subject to U.S. federal income tax. This election is made on a year-by-year basis and applies to all foreign taxes paid (whether directly or through withholding) by a U.S. Holder during a year. 
 The foreign tax credit rules are complex, and involve the application of rules that depend on a U.S. Holder's particular circumstances. Accordingly, each U.S. Holder should consult its own U.S. tax advisor regarding the foreign tax credit rules. 
 Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
 Under U.S. federal income tax laws and Treasury Regulations, certain categories of U.S. Holders must file information returns with respect to their investment in, or involvement in, a foreign corporation. For example, U.S. return disclosure obligations (and related penalties) are imposed on individuals who are U.S. Holders that hold certain specified foreign financial assets in excess of certain threshold amounts. The definition of specified foreign financial assets includes not only financial accounts maintained in foreign financial institutions, but also, unless held in accounts maintained by a financial institution, any stock or security issued by a non-U.S. person, any financial instrument or contract held for investment that has an issuer or counterparty other than a U.S. person and any interest in a foreign entity. U.S. Holders may be subject to these reporting requirements unless their common shares are held in an account at certain financial institutions. Penalties for failure to file certain of these information returns are substantial. U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the requirements of filing information returns, including the requirement to file an IRS Form 8938. 
 Payments made within the United States or by a U.S. pay or U.S. middleman, of dividends on, and proceeds arising from the sale or other taxable disposition of, common shares will generally be subject to information reporting and backup withholding tax, (currently at the rate of 24%), if a U.S. Holder (a) fails to furnish such U.S. Holder's correct U.S. taxpayer identification number (generally on IRS Form W-9), (b) furnishes an incorrect U.S. taxpayer identification number, (c) is notified by the IRS that such U.S. Holder has previously failed to properly report items subject to backup withholding tax, or (d) fails to certify, under penalty of perjury, that such U.S. Holder has furnished its correct U.S. taxpayer identification number and that the IRS has not notified such U.S. Holder that it is subject to backup withholding tax. However, certain exempt persons, such as U.S. Holders that are corporations, generally are excluded from these information reporting and backup withholding tax rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the U.S. backup withholding tax rules generally will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, or will be refunded, if such U.S. Holder furnishes required information to the IRS in a timely manner. 
 The discussion of reporting requirements set forth above is not intended to constitute an exhaustive description of all reporting requirements that may apply to a U.S. Holder. A failure to satisfy certain reporting requirements may result in an extension of the time period during which the IRS can assess a tax, and under certain circumstances, such an extension may apply to assessments of amounts unrelated to any unsatisfied reporting requirement. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the information reporting and backup withholding rules. 
 THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSIDERATIONS APPLICABLE TO U.S. HOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON SHARES. U.S. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS APPLICABLE TO THEM IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
 UNDERTAKING 
 The Company undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities registered pursuant to Form 40-F; the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. 
 CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 The Company has previously filed with the Commission a written consent to service of process on Form F-X. Any change to the name or address of the Company's agent for service shall be communicated promptly to the Commission by amendment to the Form F-X referencing the file number of the Company. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following documents are being filed with the Commission as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 40-F. 
 Exhibit | Description | 
 14.1 
 | Code of Ethics and Workplace Guidelines Policy & Supplementary Policy 
 | 
 97.1 
 | Ballard Clawback Policy 
 | 
 99.1 
 | Ballard Power Systems Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 
 | 
 99.2 
 | Ballard Power Systems Inc. Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025 
 | 
 99.3 
 | Annual Information Form for Ballard Power Systems Inc. for the year ended December 31, 202 5 
 | 
 99.4 
 | Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 | 
 99.5 
 | Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 | 
 99.6 
 | Consent of KPMG LLP (PCAOB ID : 85 ) 
 | 
 101 | Interactive Data File, formatted as Inline XBRL | 
 104 | Cover Page from this Annual Report on Form 40-F, formatted as Inline XBRL | 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40-F and has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 
 BALLARD POWER SYSTEMS INC. | 
 Date: March 12, 2026 | By: /s/ Kate Igbalode | 
 Name: Kate Igbalode 
 | 
 Title: Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 | 
