 
 EX-99.1
 2
 d313865dex991.htm
 EX-99.1
 EX-99.1 
 Exhibit 99.1 
 NEWS RELEASE 
 Microsoft Executive Bobby Yerramilli-Rao Joins GlobalFoundries 
 Board of Directors 
 Executive with deep understanding of technology strategy brings experience leading corporate growth 
 Malta, New York, March 3, 2021 – GlobalFoundries Inc. (Nasdaq: GFS) (GF) today announced the appointment of Bobby
Yerramilli-Rao as an independent director of the company's board of directors. Dr. Yerramilli-Rao is currently chief strategy officer and corporate vice president of corporate strategy at Microsoft, where he is responsible for developing
and driving growth-oriented strategies. 
 Dr. Yerramilli-Rao's appointment is effective immediately and expands the GF board to 11 directors,
including five independent directors. He will be a member of the Strategy & Technology Committee. 
 "We are delighted to welcome
Bobby to GF's board of directors," said Ahmed Yahia Al Idrissi, board chair of GF. "As technology becomes more pervasive in our everyday life, and as GF embarks on the next phase of its growth journey to better serve
our customers, Bobby's distinctive perspectives and capabilities will be a welcome addition to our board. His experience in leadership roles in software, bioscience, communications and other fast-growing sectors will certainly help shape
GF's next chapter of innovation and growth." 
 "As GF continues to focus on redefining innovation in semiconductor technology and
manufacturing, Bobby broadens our strategic and technology expertise to advance our long-term growth strategy," said Tom Caulfield, CEO of GF. "Bobby brings a deep understanding of technology strategy and solutions execution that will help
catalyze value creation and expand our reach to meet the future needs of our customers." 
 Prior to joining Microsoft in 2020, Dr. Yerramilli-Rao
served as co-founder and managing partner of Fusion Global Capital, which focused on accelerating the growth of emerging software and cloud computing companies. Before that, he served as corporate strategy
director of Vodafone Group responsible for strategy globally and acquisitions related to digital services. He spent more than a decade in the at McKinsey & Company rising to partner and co-leader 
of the TMT practice.
 Dr. Yerramilli-Rao is currently a member of the board of directors of Cambridge Epigenetix, a privately held biosciences
company. He received a master's degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Cambridge and a Doctorate in Robotics from the University of Oxford. 
 More information about GF's board of directors can be found here . 
 About GF 
 GlobalFoundries ® (GF ® ) is one of the world's leading semiconductor manufacturers. GF is redefining innovation and semiconductor manufacturing by
developing and delivering feature-rich process technology solutions that provide leadership performance in pervasive high growth markets. GF offers a unique mix of design, development and fabrication services. With a talented and
diverse workforce and an at-scale manufacturing footprint spanning the U.S., Europe and Asia, GF is a trusted technology source to its worldwide customers. For more information, visit www.gf.com.
 Contact: 
 Erica McGill 
 GlobalFoundries 
 (518)
 795-5240 
 erica.mcgill@gf.com 
