=== 2009
contracts, the contractor provides the ROV or vessel and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the
operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate, lower dayrate that applies when a unit is moving
to a new site or when operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather or water conditions or other conditions beyond the contractor’s control. Some dayrate contracts provide for revision of the specified
our ROV revenue increased 4% over 2008 from the growth in days on hire for our larger work-class fleet, as our revenue per day on hire decreased approximately 2%. Our operating margin percentage increased as a result of cost controls. For 2008, our
ROV revenue increased 18% over 2007 from improvements in average revenue per day-on-hire and growth in days on hire. We grew our ROV fleet size to 248 at December 31, 2009 from 227 at December 31, 2008 and 210 at December 31, 2007.
=== 2011
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oil and Gas business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV or vessel and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate, lowe
 For 2010, our ROV revenue and operating income increased 2% over 2009 from increased revenue per day-on-hire. Good cost controls helped us keep margin percentages flat despite lower utilization. We grew our ROV fleet size to 267 at December 31, 2011 from 260 at December 31, 2010 and 248 at December 31, 2009. 
=== 2013
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oilfield business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to 
 operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate, lower dayrate that applies when a unit is moving to a new site or when operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse weather or water conditions or other conditions beyond the contractor's control. Some dayrate c
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Although demand for ROVs has been increasing, our margins have not increased in recent periods due to increasing competition, increasing costs and pricing pressure. 
=== 2014
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oilfield business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alterna
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Although demand for ROVs has been increasing, our margins have not increased in recent periods due to increasing competition, increasing costs and pricing pressure. 
 | ROVs on lower service demand to support drilling and vessel-based projects and reduced revenue per day; 
 For 2014, our ROV revenue and operating income improved over 2013 from higher demand, particularly offshore Africa and in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. ROV days on hire increased by 7% and revenue per day on hire increased 1% . 
 We anticipate ROV operating income to decrease in 2015 as a result of decreases in average revenue per day on hire and the number of days on hire for both drilling support and vessel-based services, attributable to market conditions described under " Overview " above. We anticipate placing more than 10 new vehicles into service in 2015 . We normally expect to retire, on average, 4% to 5% of our fleet on an annual basis, although we may exceed that in 2015 due to market conditions. 
=== 2015
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oilfield business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alterna
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Demand for ROVs has been decreasing since mid 2014 due to the low oil price environment, and our margins have decreased in recent periods due to lower utilization and pricing pressure, as price 
 We expect our 2016 diluted earnings per share to be less than the $2.34 we made in 2015 . With our limited market visibility resulting from the uncertain energy market, we are not providing earnings per share guidance for 2016 . We anticipate lower global demand for deepwater drilling, field development, and inspection, maintenance and repair activities due to the current and anticipated low oil price environment, which has led to spending cuts from our customers and pricing pressure. Compared to 2015 , in 2016 we are forecasting decreases in each of our oilfield operating business segments, 
 | ROVs on lower service demand to support drilling and vessel-based projects and reduced revenue per day; 
 For 2015, our ROV revenue and operating income declined from 2014 from lower demand for drill support services and a reduction in average revenue per day across all our geographic areas of operation. ROV days on hire decreased by 15% and revenue per day on hire decreased 11% . In 2015 our ROV cost of services and products included inventory write-downs of $15.7 million, restructuring expenses of $7.2 million and ROV retirements resulting in write-offs of $2.9 million. The inventory write downs were due to excess inventory, which we do not anticipate using given current and forecast market con
 For 2014, our ROV revenue and operating income improved over 2013 from higher demand, particularly offshore Africa and in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. ROV days on hire increased by 7% and revenue per day on hire increased 1% . 
=== 2016
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oilfield business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alterna
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Demand for ROVs has been decreasing since mid 2014 due to the oil price environment, and our margins have decreased in recent periods due to lower utilization and pricing pressure, as price has 
 We expect our 2017 diluted earnings per share to be less than the $0.25 we reported in 2016 . With our limited market visibility resulting from the uncertain energy market, we are not providing earnings per share guidance for 2017 . We anticipate lower global demand for deepwater drilling, field development, and inspection, maintenance and repair activities due to the current and anticipated oil price environment, which has led to spending cuts from our customers and pricing pressure. Compared to 2016 , in 2017 we are forecasting that we will be marginally profitable at the operating income l
 Our ROV operating income decreased in the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, as a result of lower days on hire and lower average revenue per day-on-hire, as well as inventory write-downs and fixed asset write-offs totaling $36.0 million in 2016. During 2016, the leading indicator for deepwater activity, contracted floating rigs, continued to decline as the rate of rigs being idled, either by contract termination or expiration, continued. This prevailing market condition required us to reassess the number of ROVs we had in our fleet, as well as the associated inventory. A
 For 2015, our ROV revenue and operating income declined from 2014 from lower demand for drill support services and a reduction in average revenue per day across all our geographic areas of operation. ROV days on hire decreased by 15% and revenue per day on hire decreased 11% . In 2015, our ROV cost of services and products included inventory write-downs of $15.7 million, restructuring expenses of $7.2 million and ROV retirements resulting in write-offs of $2.9 million. The inventory write downs were due to excess inventory, which we do not anticipate using given current and forecast market co
 We anticipate ROV operating income to decrease in 2017 as a result of decreases in average revenue per day on hire and the number of days on hire for drilling support services, attributable to the market conditions described under " Overview " above. We normally expect to retire, on average, 4% to 5% of our fleet on an annual basis, although we retired a greater number in each of 2016 and 2015 due to market conditions. 
=== 2017
 In connection with the services we perform in our Oilfield business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alterna
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Demand for ROVs has been decreasing since mid 2014 due to the oil price environment, and our margins have decreased in recent periods due to lower utilization and pricing pressure, as price has 
 We expect to incur a net loss in 2018 , and we expect a decrease in operating income from 2017 . With our limited market visibility resulting from the uncertain energy market, and uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the Tax Act that could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate, we are not providing earnings per share guidance for 2018 . We anticipate lower global demand for deepwater drilling, field development, and inspection, maintenance and repair activities due to the current and anticipated oil price environment, which has led to spending cuts fro
 In our service-based business lines, which principally charge on a dayrate basis for services provided, we have preliminarily concluded there will be no significant impact in the amount or pattern of revenue and profit recognition as a result of the implementation of ASC 2014-09. In our product based business lines, we expect impacts on the pattern of our revenue and profit recognition as a result of the implementation of ASC 2014-09. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2017 , our ROV operating income declined slightly on a revenue decline of 25% . Revenue declined on fewer days-on-hire at lower average dayrates. ROV revenue in 2017 also included a $7.3 million sale of accessory equipment that was integrated into a customer's rigs. Both the days-on-hire and lower dayrates are a result of the continued decline in market conditions for offshore drilling and production. Operating income in 2017 did not decline from 2016, as we incurred $41.0 million of charges in 2016 further described below. 
 Our ROV operating income decreased in the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year, as a result of lower days on hire and lower average revenue per day-on-hire, as well as 2016 inventory write-downs and fixed asset write-offs totaling $36.0 million. During 2016, the leading indicator for deepwater activity, contracted floating rigs, continued to decline as the rate of rigs being idled, either by contract termination or expiration, continued. This prevailing market condition required us to reassess the number of ROVs we had in our fleet, as well as the associated inventory. As a
=== 2018
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy Services and Products business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may als
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Demand for ROVs has been decreasing since mid 2014 due to the oil price environment, and our margins have decreased in recent periods due to lower utilization and pricing pressure, as price has 
 lower pricing for our energy services and products. Overall, our 2018 revenue approximated our 2017 revenue, with increases in our ROV, Subsea Projects, Asset Integrity and Advance Technologies segments, offset by a substantial decrease in our Subsea Products segment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2018 , our ROV operating income declined on revenue that was relatively flat compared to 2017 , due to lower average dayrates and higher costs, slightly offset by increased days-on-hire. Lower dayrates resulted from the continued competitive market conditions for offshore drilling and production driven by lower levels of offshore drilling activity. Higher costs were due to shorter duration of the contracts and additional costs associated with mobilizations and work performed to reactivate the systems that had previously been idle. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2017 , our ROV operating income declined slightly compared to 2016 , on a revenue decline of 25% . Revenue declined on fewer days-on-hire and lower average dayrates, both as a result of the continued decline in market conditions for offshore drilling and production. ROV revenue in 2017 also included a $7.3 million sale of accessory equipment that was integrated into a customer's rigs. Our 2016 operating results included $41 million of charges, which consisted of: (1) $25.2 million for a reserve for excess inventory, (2) $10.8 million for the retirement of 39 RO
 For the year ended December 31, 2017 , our Subsea Products revenue and operating income decreased from 2016 across both business units, but most notably due to lower pricing of service and rental. Our 2016 results included the following charges: 
=== 2019
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy Services and Products business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may als
 Competition for ROV services historically has been based on equipment availability, location of or ability to deploy the equipment, quality of service and price. The relative importance of these factors can vary over time based on market conditions. The ability to develop improved equipment and techniques and to train and retain skilled personnel is also an important competitive factor in our markets. Demand for ROVs has significantly decreased since mid-2014 due to the oil price environment, and, correspondingly, our margins have decreased due to lower utilization and pricing pressures. The 
 In our service-based business lines, which principally charge on a dayrate basis for services provided, there is no significant impact in the pattern of revenue and profit recognition as a result of implementation of ASC 606. In our product-based business lines, we have seen impacts on the pattern of our revenue and profit recognition in our contracts using the percentage-of-completion method, as a result of the requirement to exclude uninstalled 
 For the year ended December 31, 2018 , our ROV operating income declined on revenue that was relatively flat compared to 2017 , due to lower average dayrates and higher costs, slightly offset by increased days-on-hire. Lower dayrates resulted from the continued competitive market conditions for offshore drilling and production driven by lower levels of offshore drilling activity. Higher costs were due to shorter duration of the contracts and additional costs associated with mobilizations and work performed to reactivate the systems that had previously been idle. 
 In 2020 , operating results for our Subsea Projects segment are expected to improve slightly, primarily due to lower depreciation as compared to 2019. Vessel dayrates remain competitive but stable and we expect to see opportunities for pricing improvements during periods of higher activity. This segment has the highest amount of speculative work contained within our guidance. The MSV Ocean Evolution has experienced reasonable levels of demand given the current market conditions, since it was added to our fleet in the second quarter of 2019. Currently, it has a good amount of project backlog t
 Due to the protracted energy downturn and our customers' continued focus on cost discipline, we determined that impairment indicators were present within certain of our asset groups in our Subsea Projects and Asset Integrity segments in the fourth quarter of 2019. For our Subsea Projects segment, impairment indicators were present in our Deepwater and Shallow Water asset groups and in our Ecosse asset group. For the Deepwater and Shallow Water asset groups, we utilized the cost approach and considered historical, current and anticipated dayrates and utilization to measure market value. For ou
=== 2020
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy Services and Products business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved 
 We derive most of our revenue from customers in the offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production industry. The offshore oil and gas industry is a historically cyclical industry characterized by significant changes in the levels of exploration and development activities. Oil and gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in those prices, significantly affect the levels of those activities. Worldwide political, economic and military events have contributed to oil and gas price volatility and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Since the general decline i
 since mid-March, we have had to restrict access to our administrative offices around the world and quarantine personnel and assets as required by various governmental authorities, our customers’ and our own safety protocols. There is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which COVID-19 and its variants will continue to spread, the widespread availability and efficacy of vaccines and the extent and duration of governmental and other measures implemented to try to slow the spread, such as large-scale travel bans and restrictions, border closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place order
 One of the impacts of the pandemic has been a significant reduction in global demand for oil and natural gas. This significant decline in demand was met with a sharp decline in oil prices following the announcement of price reductions and production increases in March 2020 by members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC"), and other foreign, oil-exporting countries. The resulting supply/demand imbalance has had, and is continuing to have, disruptive impacts on the oil and natural gas exploration and production industry and on other industries that serve exploration and 
 • Subsea Robotics segment, which had a $77 million decrease in operating results, primarily as a result of charges of $122 million in 2020 as compared to charges of $31 million in 2019. These charges were principally due to a goodwill impairment in 2020 of $102 million, largely based on market conditions and lower pricing levels. Both 2020 and 2019 charges included asset write-offs and inventory write-downs, largely resulting from impairment and obsolescence. 
 We believe we are the world's largest provider of ROV services and, generally, this business segment has been the largest contributor to our Energy Services and Products business operating income. Our Subsea Robotics segment revenue reflects the utilization percentages, fleet sizes and average pricing in the respective periods. Our survey 
=== 2021
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy Services and Products business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may als
 We derive most of our revenue from customers in the offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production industry. The offshore oil and gas industry is a historically cyclical industry characterized by significant changes in the levels of exploration and development activities. Oil and gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in those prices, significantly affect the levels of those activities. Worldwide political, economic and military events have contributed to oil and gas price volatility and are likely to continue to do so in the future. In 2020, many oil and gas c
 There is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which COVID-19 and its variants will continue to spread, the widespread availability, distribution, acceptance and efficacy of vaccines and the extent and duration of governmental and other measures implemented to try to slow the spread. Further, the impact of the pandemic, including the resulting significant reduction in global demand for oil and natural gas, coupled with the sharp decline in oil prices following the announcement of price reductions and production increases in March 2020 by members of OPEC and other foreign, oil-expor
 • Subsea Robotics segment, which had a $143 million increase in operating results, primarily as a result of charges of $122 million in 2020 as compared to charges of $0.4 million in 2021. These charges were principally due to a goodwill impairment in 2020 of $102 million, largely based on market conditions and lower pricing levels. 2020 charges also included asset write-offs and inventory write-downs, largely resulting from impairment and obsolescence. 
 revenue reflects the utilization percentages, fleet sizes and average pricing in the respective periods. Our survey services business provides survey and positioning, and geoscience services. The following table presents revenue from ROV services as a percentage of total Subsea Robotics revenue: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, our Subsea Robotics operating income increased as compared to 2020, primarily due to charges of $122 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 for goodwill impairment, write-downs and write-offs of certain equipment, intangible assets and inventory, and other expenses. Exclusive of those charges, Subsea Robotics operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased as compared to the corresponding period of the prior year on higher revenue and margins. We had a 2% decrease in days on hire and a year-over-year decrease in drill support days pa
=== 2022
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate
 utilization percentages, fleet sizes and average pricing in the respective periods. Our survey services business provides survey and positioning, and geoscience services. The following table presents revenue from ROV services as a percentage of total Subsea Robotics revenue: 
 As a lessor, we lease certain types of equipment, often providing services at the same time. These leases can be priced on a dayrate or lump-sum basis for periods ranging from a few days to multi-year contracts. These leases are negotiated on commercial terms at market rates and many carry standard options to extend or terminate at our customer's discretion. These leases generally do not contain options to purchase, material restrictions or covenants that impact our accounting for leases. 
=== 2023
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate
 We believe we are the world's largest provider of work-class ROV services and, generally, this business segment has been the largest contributor to our Energy business operating income. Our Subsea Robotics segment revenue reflects the utilization percentages, fleet sizes and average pricing in the respective periods. Our survey services business provides survey and positioning, and geoscience services. The following table presents revenue from ROV services as a percentage of total Subsea Robotics revenue: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, our Subsea Robotics operating income increased as compared to 2022, on higher revenue, as a result of higher levels of activity for ROV, survey and tooling and higher average revenue per day in 2023. We had a 10% increase in days on hire and a year-over-year increase in both drill support and vessel support days. 
 In our service-based business lines, we principally charge on a dayrate basis for services provided. In our product-based business lines, predominantly in our Manufactured Products segment, we recognize revenue and profit using the percentage-of-completion method and exclude uninstalled materials and significant inefficiencies from the measure of progress. 
 As a lessor, we lease certain types of equipment, often providing services at the same time. These leases can be priced on a dayrate or lump-sum basis for periods ranging from a few days to multi-year contracts. These leases are negotiated on commercial terms at market rates and many carry standard options to extend or terminate at our customer's discretion. These leases generally do not contain options to purchase, material restrictions or covenants that impact our accounting for leases. 
=== 2024
 In connection with the services we perform in our Energy business, we generally seek contracts that compensate us on a dayrate basis. Under dayrate contracts, the contractor provides the ROV, vessel or equipment and the required personnel to operate the unit and compensation is based on a rate per day for each day the unit is used. The typical dayrate depends on market conditions, the nature of the operations to be performed, the duration of the work, the equipment and services to be provided, the geographical areas involved and other variables. Dayrate contracts may also contain an alternate
 We believe we are the world's largest provider of work-class ROV services and, generally, this business segment has been the largest contributor to our Energy business operating income. Our ROV business, within our Subsea Robotics segment, reflects the utilization percentages, fleet sizes and average pricing in the respective periods. Our ROV tooling provides an additional operational interface between an ROV and equipment located subsea. Our survey services business provides survey and positioning, and geoscience services. The following table presents revenue from ROV services as a percentag
 For the year ended December 31, 2024, our Subsea Robotics operating income increased as compared to 2023, on higher revenue, as a result of higher average revenue per day for our ROV business and increased activity for tooling that more than offset lower activity levels. We had a slight decrease in days on hire that included a year-over-year increase in drill support days offset by a decrease in vessel support days. 
 In our service-based business lines, we principally charge on a dayrate basis for services provided. In our product-based business lines, predominantly in our Manufactured Products segment, we recognize revenue and profit using the percentage-of-completion method and exclude uninstalled materials and significant inefficiencies from the measure of progress. 
 As a lessor, we lease certain types of equipment, often providing services at the same time. These leases can be priced on a dayrate or lump-sum basis for periods ranging from a few days to multi-year contracts. These leases are negotiated on commercial terms at market rates and many carry standard options to extend or terminate at our customer's discretion. These leases generally do not contain options to purchase, material restrictions or covenants that impact our accounting for leases. 
