=== MBUU_10K_FY2017.txt
293: | we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to our industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
297: | we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to our newly expanded industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to (1) the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and (2) the sterndrive 
301: | references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
305:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis Wake Research (“Axis”) brands. 
307:proprietary Surf Gate technology launched in 2012, expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We also added another strong brand in Cobalt with a versatile lineup of boats, further deepening our product portfolio, expanding our addressable market, and ultimately, 
310:We sell our boats through a dealer network that we believe is the strongest in the recreational powerboat industry. As of July 1, 2017, our Malibu and Axis brand distribution channel consisted of 126 independent dealers operating in 146 locations in North America and we had 59 independent dealer locations across 40 countries
379:#1 Market Share Position in Performance Sport Boat Category. According to SSI, we have held the number one market share position, based on unit volume, in the United States among manufacturers of performance sport boats for calendar years since 2010 including 2016. We have grown our U.S. market share from 24.4% in 2010 to 33
558: | In June 2015, Correct Craft acquired majority interest in both Centurion Boats and Supreme Boats. Accordingly, market share for Ski Supreme, Centurion, and Nautique Boat Company, Inc. ("Nautique") are reflected combined here for all periods for better comparison.
560:In addition, our 48% market share of performance sport boat exports to international markets for the 12 months ended March 31, 2017 was the highest among U.S. manufacturers and was more than the market share of our top two competitors combined.
561:#1 Market Share Position in the 24’—29’ Segment of the Sterndrive Boat Category. Our recent acquisition of Cobalt has established us as a market leader in the sterndrive category. According to SSI, our Cobalt brand holds the highest market share for sterndrive boats in the 24’—29’ segment, a segment that we belie
784:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
806:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
809:Strong Dealer Network. We have worked diligently with our dealers to develop one of the strongest distribution networks in the recreational powerboat industry. We believe that our Malibu and Axis brand distribution network of 146 North American dealer locations and 59 international dealer locations as of July 1, 2017 allows 
811:Diverse Product Offering. Our acquisition of Cobalt broadens our product portfolio, allowing us to engage consumers in multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu operates in the performance sport boat category, controlling the highest market share. Cobalt is the market leader in the 24’—29’ 
815:led a workforce that we believe has produced superior results, including market share gains, sales growth and profitability improvement.
818:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
821:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
823:Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We have focused on growth through acquisitions both domestically and abroad, as evidenced by our recent acquisiti
826:Accelerate International Expansion. Based on our U.S. leadership position, brand recognition, diverse, innovative product offering and distribution strengths, we believe that we are well-positioned to increase our international sales. Our 48% market share of performance sport boat exports to international markets for the twe
889: | Cobalt Brand. Cobalt is our premium line of luxury sterndrive and outboard boats available in five product lines: the Gateway Series, the R series, the A series, the SD-SC series, and the WSS/Surf Series. The Gateway series is an entry level fiberglass sterndrive boat designed for budget-conscious consumers who desire the
927:In North America, we had a total of 146 dealer locations for our Malibu and Axis brands as of July 1, 2017. Of these locations, 17% sell our products exclusively, 65% are multi-line locations that only carry non-competitive brands and products and 17% sell our brands as well as other performance sport boat brands. Approximat
931:We believe that our strong market position in each region of the United States will help us capitalize on growth opportunities as our industry continues to recover from the economic downturn. In particular, we expect to generate continued growth in the southwestern United States (which includes California), a region that exp
964:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our Malibu and Axis sales team operates using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multip
985:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies, and attend trade shows to in
1115:retaining dealers, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain relationships with qualified and successful dealers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or improve our relationship with our dealers or our market share position. In addition, independent dealers in the recreational powe
2209:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis brands. With our recent acquisitio
2212:We have undergone significant growth since we were founded in 1982 and began building custom ski boats in a small shop in Merced, California. Beginning in 2009, under the leadership of new management, we implemented several measures designed to improve our cost structure, increase our operating leverage, enhance our product
2271:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximate
2272:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. As the market for our product has recovered our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their dis
2273:We believe our track record of expanding our market share due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt acquisition. While Cobalt is the market share leader in the 24’-29’ sterndrive market, we believe our experience positions us to exec
=== MBUU_10K_FY2018.txt
298: | we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to our industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
302: | we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to (1) the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and (2) the sterndrive and outboard pr
306: | references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
310:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under three brands—Malibu, Axis, and Cobalt. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malib
312:boaters and water sports enthusiasts whose passion for boating and water sports is a key aspect of their lifestyle and provide consumers with a better customer-inspired experience. With performance, quality, value and multi-purpose features, our product portfolio has us well positioned to broaden our addressable market and a
313:In addition to our current market leading brands, we recently entered into an agreement to acquire the assets of Pursuit Boats ("Pursuit") from S2 Yachts, Inc. for an aggregate purchase price of $100 million, subject to customary closing conditions. Pursuit is a leader in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market through it
387:Leading Market Share Positions. According to SSI, we have held the number one market share position, based on unit volume, in the United States among manufacturers of performance sport boats for each calendar year since 2010 including 2017. We have grown our U.S. market share in this category through our Malibu and Axis bran
388:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
390:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
395:Diverse Product Offering. We are able to engage consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu and Axis operates in the performance sport boat category, controlling the highest market share. Cobalt is the market leader in the 24’—29’ segment of the sterndrive category, and has r
398:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
400:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
402:Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We have focused on growth through acquisitions both domestically and abroad, as evidenced by our recent announcem
404:Accelerate International Expansion. Based on our U.S. leadership position, brand recognition, diverse, innovative product offering and distribution strengths, we believe that we are well-positioned to increase our international sales. We believe we can increase our international sales both by promoting our products in develo
565:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
585:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies, and attend trade shows to in
737:Substantially all of our sales are derived from our network of independent dealers. We have agreements with the dealers in our network that typically provide for one-year terms, although some agreements have a term of up to three years. For fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, our top ten dealers for Malibu and Axis brands acco
1843:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under three brands: Malibu, Axis, and Cobalt. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malib
1846:We have undergone significant growth since we were founded in 1982 and began building custom ski boats in a small shop in Merced, California. Beginning in 2009, under the leadership of new management, we implemented several measures designed to improve our cost structure, increase our operating leverage, enhance our product
1853:On August 21, 2018, Malibu Boats, LLC, our wholly owned indirect subsidiary, agreed to purchase the assets of Pursuit from S2 Yachts, Inc. for a purchase price of $100.0 million. Pursuit, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, is a leader in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market through its offering of 15 models of offshore,
1904:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximate
1905:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. As the market for our product has recovered our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their dis
1906:We believe our track record of expanding our market share due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt acquisition. While Cobalt is the market share leader in the 24’-29’ sterndrive market, we believe our experience positions us to exec
1910:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during 
1913:brands from 24.5% in 2010 to 32.6% in 2017. Furthermore, we also continue to hold the number one market share position in the 24’—29’ segment of the sterndrive boat category, through our Cobalt brand. Since 2010, Cobalt has expanded its market share in this segment from 14.2% in 2010 to 32.1% in 2017. 
9145:On August 21, 2018, Malibu Boats, LLC, our wholly owned indirect subsidiary, agreed to purchase the assets of Pursuit Boats ("Pursuit") from S2 Yachts, Inc. for a purchase price of $100.0 million. Pursuit, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, is a leader in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market through its offering 15 mode
=== MBUU_10K_FY2019.txt
296: | we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to our industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
300: | we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to (1) the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and (2) the sterndrive and outboard pr
304: | references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
308:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under four brands—Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, and Pursuit. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through o
310:consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that appeal to an expanding range of recreational boaters and water sports enthusiasts whose passion for boating and water sports is a key aspect of their lifestyle and provide consumers with a better customer-inspired experience. With performance, qua
385:Leading Market Share Positions. According to SSI, we have held the number one market share position, based on unit volume, in the United States among manufacturers of performance sport boats for each calendar year since 2010 including 2018. We have grown our U.S. market share in this category through our Malibu and Axis bran
386:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
388:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
393:Diverse Product Offering. We are able to engage consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu and Axis are market leaders in the performance sport boat category, Cobalt operates in the sterndrive category and has also expanded into wake surfing and outboard product lines, and our mos
396:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
398:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
400:Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We have focused on growth through acquisitions both domestically and abroad, as evidenced by our recent acquisiti
401:Accelerate International Expansion. Based on our U.S. leadership position, brand recognition, diverse, innovative product offering and distribution strengths, we believe that we are well-positioned to increase our international sales. We believe we can 
604:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
624:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, and Pursuit products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies, and attend trade s
755:Substantially all of our sales are derived from our network of independent dealers. We have agreements with the dealers in our network that typically provide for one-year terms, although some agreements have a term of up to three years. For fiscal year 2019, our top ten dealers accounted for approximately 50%, 49%, and 83% o
1742:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. We are the market leader in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis Wake Research boat brands, the leader in the U
1799:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximate
1800:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. As the market for our product has recovered our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their dis
1801:We believe our track record of expanding our market share due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt and Pursuit acquisitions. While Cobalt and Pursuit are market leaders in certain areas, we believe our experience positions us to execute
1808:spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during recessionary periods and tends to increase during expansionary periods. The recreational boating industry, which was adversely affected by the economic downturn in 2008 and 2009, has had a sustained recovery period since 2010. In 2018, domestic s
=== MBUU_10K_FY2020.txt
190:•we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
191:•we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to (1) the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and (2) the sterndrive and outboard pr
192:•references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
195:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under four brands—Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, and Pursuit. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the performance sport boat category through o
198:products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that appeal to an expanding range of recreational boaters and water sports enthusiasts whose passion for boating and water sports is a key aspect of their lifestyle and provide consumers with a better customer-inspired experienc
219:Leading Market Share Positions. According to SSI, we have held the number one market share position, based on unit volume, in the United States among manufacturers of performance sport boats for each calendar year since 2010 including 2019. We have grown our U.S. market share in this category through our Malibu and Axis bran
220:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
222:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
227:Diverse Product Offering. We are able to engage consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu and Axis are market leaders in the performance sport boat category, Cobalt operates in the sterndrive category and has also expanded into wake surfing and outboard product lines, and Pursuit
230:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
232:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
237:operating strengths, and to increase the size of our addressable market. When we identify potential acquisitions, we attempt to target companies with a leading market share, strong cash flows, and an experienced management team and workforce that provide a fit with our existing operations. After completing an acquisition, we
299:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
312:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, and Pursuit products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies, and attend trade s
434:Competition for dealers among recreational powerboat manufacturers continues to increase based on the quality, price, value and availability of the manufacturers' products, the manufacturers' attention to customer service and the marketing support that the manufacturer provides to the dealers. We face intense competition fro
781:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. We are the market leader in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis Wake Research boat brands, the market leader in
797:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximatel
800:increased in 2019, according to NMMA. These increases have been led by growth in our core market, performance sport boats, having produced a double-digit compound annual growth rate between 2011 and 2019. While the growth rate was negatively impacted by weak sales in March and April 2020 due to COVID-19, we believe domestic 
802:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. As the market for our product has recovered our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their dist
803:We also believe our track record of expanding our market share due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt and Pursuit acquisitions. While Cobalt and Pursuit are market leaders in certain areas, we believe our experience positions us to exe
810:expansionary periods. The recreational powerboat industry has shown continued growth from 2010 through 2019 based on retail sales. While there is uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic we believe we are well positioned strategically in the recreational powerboat market with brands that are market leaders in their segm
=== MBUU_10K_FY2021.txt
192:•we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
193:•we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
194:•references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
197:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under eight brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the perfo
200:wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to propriety technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that
228:Leading Market Share Positions. We maintain a leading market share position in a number of recreational boating categories with our various brands. According to SSI, in 2020 we held the number one market share position in the United States for performance sport boats with our Malibu and Axis brands, the number one market sha
229:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
231:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
237:Diverse Product Offering. We are able to engage consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu and Axis are market leaders in the performance sport boat category, Pursuit and Maverick Boat Group compete in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market with center console, dual console, o
239:We intend to grow our leading market share positions within recreational powerboat industry through the following strategies: 
240:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
245:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
247:Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018, and Cobalt in July 2017. The primary o
292:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
302:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies
351:We recognize employees are the heart of our organization and support them by offering a range of competitive pay, recognition and benefit programs. We provide market-competitive pay and benefits to encourage performance that creates sustainable and long-term employment. We believe in internal promotion where possible and are
354:Safety is a core value of our organization and we are committed to fostering a culture where safety is a number one priority. The success of our business depends, in part, upon the prevention of accidents, the reduction and/or prevention of occupational injuries and illnesses, and compliance with established safety and healt
696:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands are used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, general recreationa
714:Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat exper
715:Our Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group family of boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). Our Pursuit boats expand our product offerings into the saltwater outboard fishing market and include cen
716:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. We are the market leader in the United St
730:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximatel
735:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats with new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. Our market remains highly competitive however and our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their 
736:We believe our track record of expanding our market share with our Malibu and Axis brands due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt, Pursuit and Maverick Boat Group acquisitions. While Cobalt, Pursuit and the Maverick Boat Group brands ar
740:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during r
=== MBUU_10K_FY2022.txt
195:•we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
196:•we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
197:•references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
200:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under eight brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the perfo
203:wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to propriety technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that
230:Leading Market Share Positions. We maintain a leading market share position in a number of recreational boating categories with our various brands. According to SSI, in 2021 we held the number one market share position in the United States for performance sport boats with our Malibu and Axis brands, the number one market sha
231:Industry-leading Product Design and Innovation. We believe that our innovation in the design of new boat models and new features has been a key to our success, helping us increase our market share within our categories and generally broaden the appeal of our products among recreational boaters. As a result of the features we
236:Intellectual Property. A key element of our growth and increased market share has been our intellectual property, which we believe is the best in our industry. Among the most innovative and sought after features on our boats has been Surf Gate. Together with Power Wedge and Surf Band, we believe that these patented technolog
239:Diverse Product Offering. We are able to engage consumers across multiple categories within the recreational powerboat industry. Malibu and Axis are market leaders in the performance sport boat category, Pursuit and Maverick Boat Group compete in the saltwater outboard fishing boat market with center console, dual console, o
241:We intend to grow our leading market share positions within recreational powerboat industry through the following strategies: 
242:Continue to Develop New and Innovative Products in Our Categories. We intend to continue developing and introducing new and innovative products—both new boat models to better address a broader range of consumers and new features to deliver better performance, functionality, convenience, comfort and safety to our consumers.
247:Further Strengthen Our Dealer Network. Our goal is to achieve and maintain leading market share in each of the categories in which we operate. We continually assess our distribution network and believe we take the actions necessary to achieve our goal. We intend to strengthen our current footprint by selectively recruiting m
249:Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018, and Cobalt in July 2017. In February 2
294:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
304:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies
359:We recognize employees are the heart of our organization and support them by offering a range of competitive pay, recognition and benefit programs. We provide market-competitive pay and benefits to encourage performance that creates sustainable and long-term employment. We believe in internal promotion where possible and are
360:Safety is a core value of our organization and we are committed to fostering a culture where safety is a number one priority. The success of our business depends, in part, upon the prevention of accidents, the reduction and/or prevention of occupational injuries and illnesses, and compliance with established safety and healt
653:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands are used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, general recreationa
669:Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat exper
673:Our Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group family of boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). Our Pursuit boats expand our product offerings into the saltwater outboard fishing market and include cen
674:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. We are the market leader in the United St
684:Industry-wide marine retail registrations continue to recover from the years following the global financial crisis. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., domestic retail registration volumes of performance sport boats, fiberglass sterndrive and fiberglass outboards increased at a compound annual growth rate of approximatel
691:Since 2008, we have increased our market share among manufacturers of performance sport boats with new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. However, our market remains highly competitive and our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, increased their
692:We believe that our track record of expanding our market share with our Malibu and Axis brands due to new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features is directly transferable to our Cobalt, Pursuit and Maverick Boat Group acquisitions. We have seen the impact of this strategy at Cobalt as 
696:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during r
=== MBUU_10K_FY2023.txt
199:•we use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
200:•we use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
201:•references to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA; (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for the 
204:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under eight brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt. We have the #1 market share position in the United States in the perfo
207:wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to propriety technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that
223:We maintain a leading market share position in a number of recreational boating categories with our various brands. According to SSI, in 2022 we held the number one market share position in the United States for performance sport boats with our Malibu and Axis brands, the number one market share position in the United States
226:expanded our market share in the 24’-29’ segment of the sterndrive boat category from 14.2% in 2010 to 35.9% in 2022. Our Pursuit brand has gained share within its market since our acquisition of Pursuit and we are positioned to gain a broader share of the overall outboard fiberglass fishing market with our Maverick Boat
268:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
277:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies
304:One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018 and Cobalt in July 2017. The primary objectives of our acquisitions are to expand 
332:We recognize employees are the heart of our organization and support them by offering a range of competitive pay, recognition and benefit programs. We provide market-competitive pay and benefits to encourage performance that creates sustainable and long-term employment. Additionally, we have numerous initiatives to support e
334:Safety is a core value of our organization and we are committed to fostering a culture where safety is a number one priority. The success of our business depends, in part, upon the prevention of accidents, the reduction and/or prevention of occupational injuries and illnesses, and compliance with established safety and healt
337:We conducted our first annual engagement survey of all employees in 2023 as an opportunity to gather feedback from employees on their experience and overall satisfaction to identify areas for organizational improvement. Outside of formal surveys, we allow employees to continuously share any comments, questions or concerns wi
612:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands are used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, general recreationa
628:Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat exper
631:Our Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group family of boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). Our Pursuit boats expand our product offerings into the saltwater outboard fishing market and include cen
632:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. We are the market leader in the United St
639:We aim to increase our market share across the boating categories in which we compete through new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. Our industry, however, is highly competitive, and our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, expanded their distri
646:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during r
=== MBUU_10K_FY2024.txt
226:•We use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
227:•We use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
228:•References to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA and (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for t
231:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under eight brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt. As of June 30, 2024, we had the #1 market share position in the United
234:skiing, wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to propriety technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design produ
249:We maintain a leading market share position in a number of recreational boating categories with our various brands. According to SSI, as of June 30, 2024, we held the number one market share position in the United States for performance sport boats with our Malibu and Axis brands, the number one market share position in the 
252:expanded our market share in the 24’-29’ segment of the sterndrive boat category from 14.2% in 2010 to 40.8% in 2023. Our Pursuit brand has gained share within its market since our acquisition of Pursuit and we are positioned to gain a broader share of the overall outboard fiberglass fishing market with our Maverick Boat
292:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
304:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies
328:One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018 and Cobalt in July 2017. The primary objectives of our acquisitions are to expand 
355:We recognize employees are the heart of our organization and support them by offering a range of competitive pay, recognition and benefit programs. We provide market-competitive pay and benefits to encourage performance that creates sustainable and long-term employment. Additionally, we have numerous initiatives to support e
357:Safety is a core value of our organization and we are committed to fostering a culture where safety is a number one priority. The success of our business depends, in part, upon the prevention of accidents, the reduction and/or prevention of occupational injuries and illnesses, and compliance with established safety and healt
360:We conducted our first annual engagement survey of all employees in 2023 and again in 2024 as an opportunity to gather feedback from employees on their experience and overall satisfaction to identify areas for organizational improvement. Outside of formal surveys, we encourage employees to continuously share any comments, qu
698:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands are used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, general recreationa
711:Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat exper
715:strong focus in length segments under 30 feet. We are among the market leaders in the fiberglass outboard fishing boat category with the brands in our Saltwater Fishing segment. Retail prices for our Saltwater Fishing boats typically range from $45,000 to $1,400,000.
716:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. As of June 30, 2024, we are the market le
722:We aim to increase our market share across the boating categories in which we compete through new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. Our industry, however, is highly competitive, and our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, expanded their distri
729:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during r
=== MBUU_10K_FY2025.txt
227:•We use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
228:•We use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
229:•References to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA and (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for t
232:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats under eight brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt. As of June 30, 2025, we are among the market leaders in the United Sta
235:wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to proprietary technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products th
289:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
300:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group and Cobalt products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and technologies
324:One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018 and Cobalt in July 2017. The primary objectives of our acquisitions are to expand 
355:including annual performance evaluations and supervisor training programs, along with training programs for new employees (and those who are internally promoted) to learn new skills in boat production, such as gel coat application and fiberglass repair. We believe in internal promotion where possible and are committed to dev
357:Safety is a core value of our organization and we are committed to fostering a culture where safety is a number one priority. The success of our business depends, in part, upon the prevention of accidents, the reduction and/or prevention of occupational injuries and illnesses, and compliance with established safety and healt
360:We conducted our first annual engagement survey of all employees in 2023 and again in 2024 and 2025 as an opportunity to gather feedback from employees on their experience and overall satisfaction to identify areas for organizational improvement. Outside of formal surveys, we encourage employees to continuously share any com
490:In recent years, we have lost market share in certain of our segments because of increased competition in our industry. The recreational powerboat industry, and in particular the performance sport boat category, is highly competitive for consumers and dealers. Competition affects our ability to succeed in the markets we curr
701:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands is used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, such as water skiing
714:Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat exper
718:market leaders in the fiberglass outboard fishing boat category with the brands in our Saltwater Fishing segment. Retail prices for our Saltwater Fishing boats typically range from $45,000 to $1,400,000.
719:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. As of June 30, 2025, we are among the mar
725: We aim to increase our market share across the boating categories in which we compete through new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. We believe our strong brands, new product pipeline, strong dealer network and ability to increase production will allow us to maintain, and potent
734:expansionary periods. While there is still some uncertainty surrounding current macroeconomic conditions, and rising prices to our suppliers, in part due to tariffs and inflationary pressures, we believe we are well positioned strategically in the recreational powerboat market with brands that are among the market leaders in
=== MBUU_10K_FY2026.txt
226:•We use the term “performance sport boat category” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of fiberglass boats equipped with inboard propulsion and ranging from 19 feet to 26 feet in length, which we believe most closely corresponds to (1) the inboard ski/wakeboard category, as defined and tracked by th
227:•We use the terms “sterndrive” and “outboard” to refer to the industry category, consisting primarily of sterndrive and outboard boats ranging from 20 feet to 40 feet, which most closely corresponds to the sterndrive and outboard categories, as defined and tracked by NMMA, and the sterndrive and outboard propulsion
228:•References to certain market and industry data presented in this Form 10-K are determined as follows: (1) U.S. boat sales and unit volume for the overall powerboat industry and any powerboat category during any calendar year are based on retail boat market data from the NMMA and (2) U.S. market share and unit volume for t
231:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive boats, outboard boats, and premium adventure dayboats under nine brands—Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes, Cobalt, and Saxdor. As of June 30, 2026, we are
234:we have multiple award-winning models making Saxdor a recognized brand in the premium adventure dayboat emerging market. Our product portfolio of premium brands is used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports such as water skiing, wakeboarding and wake surfing, as well as ge
291:Our dealer network, including all additions, renewals, non-renewals or terminations, is managed by our sales personnel. Our sales teams operate using a semi-annual dealer review process involving our senior management team. Each individual dealer is reviewed semi-annually with a broad assessment across multiple key elements,
302:We believe that providing a high level of service to our dealers and end consumers is essential to maintaining our reputation. Our sales personnel receive training on the latest Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick Boat Group, Cobalt, and Saxdor products and technologies, as well as training on our competitors’ products and tec
325:One of our growth strategies is to drive growth in our business through targeted acquisitions that add value while considering our existing brands and product portfolio. We acquired Saxdor in March 2026, Maverick Boat Group in December 2020, Pursuit in October 2018 and Cobalt in July 2017. The primary objectives of our acqui
355:We recognize that employees are central to our organization and support them through competitive compensation, recognition and benefits programs designed to encourage strong performance and long-term employment. We also invest in employee development through annual performance evaluations, supervisor training, and programs t
356:In fiscal year 2026, we expanded our employee development and recognition efforts through the release of our enterprise mentorship program and the launch of the PACESetter Award Program. The mentorship program was designed to support knowledge sharing, leadership development and career growth by connecting employees with men
513:In recent years, we have lost market share in certain of our segments because of increased competition in our industry. The recreational powerboat industry, and in particular the performance sport boat category, is highly competitive for consumers and dealers. Competition affects our ability to succeed in the markets we curr
732:We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive, outboard boats, and premium adventure dayboats. Our product portfolio of premium brands is used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water
750:are among the market leaders in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis brands. Our Axis boats appeal to consumers who desire a more affordable performance sport boat product but still demand high performance, functional simplicity and the option to upgrade key features. Retail pr
751:Our Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group family of boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). Our Pursuit boats include center console, dual console and offshore models. Our Maverick Boat Group famil
752:Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. As of June 30, 2026, we are among the mar
765: We aim to increase our market share across the boating categories in which we compete through new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. We believe our strong brands, new product pipeline, strong dealer network and ability to increase production will allow us to maintain, and potent
773:Our product sales are impacted by general economic conditions, which affect the demand for our products, the demand for optional features, the availability of credit for our dealers and retail consumers, and overall consumer confidence. Consumer spending, especially purchases of discretionary items, tends to decline during r
