 Background of the Asset Sale The following chronology summarizes the material meetings and events that led to the execution of the Asset Purchase Agreement. The following chronology does not purport to catalogue every conversation among the Board, the Special Committee, members of the Company’s senior management (“senior management”) or the Company’s advisors and other parties, including the Buyer. The Board, with the assistance of senior management and advisors, regularly reviews the Company’s business, operations, financial performance and strategic direction for the purpose of enhancing stockholder value. As part of this ongoing review, the Board considers the Company’s long-term strategies and plans, changes in the industry and markets in which the Company operates, economic and other market conditions, execution opportunities and risks, potential strategic alternatives, including business combinations, acquisitions, divestitures, partnerships and collaboration opportunities, and financial alternatives in light of developments in the Company’s business. In connection with the strategic review process, at a meeting of the Board held on September 4, 2025, the Board discussed exploring potential strategic alternatives that may be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, including a potential sale of the Company or a new financing to preserve liquidity and available cash while the Company executed upon a previously announced strategic transformation. At this meeting, the Board suggested that TD Cowen be invited to discuss potential strategic alternatives for the Company at a future Board meeting to be scheduled in the upcoming weeks, and the Company subsequently engaged TD Cowen as the Company’s financial advisor in connection with a possible capital raise, sale or other business combination involving the Company. On September 18, 2025, the Board held a meeting, together with senior management and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart LLP (“Holland & Hart”), the Company’s legal counsel, to discuss among other things, potential strategic alternatives aimed at enhancing stockholder value, including (i) allowing more time for management to execute upon its previously announced strategic transformation, which included introducing new products and other initiatives, before engaging in a sale or financing, (ii) preserving the Company’s liquidity position by pursuing financing alternatives such as a structured convertible note, a unit offering with warrants, ongoing “at-the-market” stock sales, or a follow-on equity offering, to provide additional available cash to execute upon the Company’s strategic transformation, and (iii) launching a sale process to provide stockholders with a liquidity event while avoiding further execution risk associated with the strategic transformation. The Board directed senior management, with TD Cowen’s assistance, to further review such alternatives to enable the Board to determine the best path forward. 43 Table of Contents On October 5, 2025, the Board met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, at which meeting a potential sale transaction was discussed, including key process considerations, an illustrative timeline, and the role of the Board throughout the transaction. On October 15, 2025, the Board met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss available financing and strategic alternatives for the Company. On October 18, 2025, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Joseph Vernachio, communicated with Party A, a strategic operator in the footwear and apparel industry. Party A expressed strong interest in hosting the Company’s senior management team at Party A’s offices in the coming weeks to discuss a potential acquisition of the Company. The meeting was subsequently scheduled for December 12, 2025. On October 27, 2025, after considering the various options discussed at prior Board meetings, the Board authorized senior management to undertake, with TD Cowen’s assistance, a targeted outreach process on the Company’s behalf to gauge third parties’ potential interest in a transaction with the Company. Over the coming days, in accordance with the Board’s directives, TD Cowen commenced a targeted outreach to 11 management-approved buyers (excluding Party A) on an anonymous basis. On October 28, 2025, Party B, a strategic operator in the footwear and apparel industry, contacted one of the Company’s Board members and expressed interest in a potential commercial partnership with, and equity investment in, the Company. On October 30, 2025, the Board met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. On October 31, 2025, Lily Yan Hughes was appointed to the Board. Ms. Hughes was appointed Chair of the Special Committee, consisting entirely of independent directors—Ms. Hughes, Mr. Boyce and Mr. Thanawala—to oversee the potential sale process. The Board determined that, in connection with the strategic review process, it was in best interests of the Company and its stockholders to establish a committee of the Board consisting of directors who were both independent and disinterested with respect to the potential sale process. The Special Committee was established for the purpose of: (i) reviewing and evaluating any potential transaction involving a business combination or merger; joint venture; sale of equity ownership; sale or license of assets; refinancing or recapitalization of the Company, including the issuance or exchange of shares of capital stock for cash, securities or other properties; a bankruptcy proceeding; or other strategic transactions; (ii) determining whether any such potential transaction was fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company and its stockholders; (iii) recommending to the Board what actions should be taken by the Company with respect to any such potential transaction; and (iv) as authorized by the Board, taking any and all actions necessary to pursue and consummate, any such potential transaction. On November 6, 2025 and November 7, 2025, Ms. Hughes met with representatives of TD Cowen for an update on the outreach efforts. Through such dates, 34 parties (excluding Party A) had been contacted, six parties requested non-disclosure agreements and 10 parties declined to pursue the opportunity. On November 10, 2025, the Company’s senior management, together with representatives of TD Cowen, spoke with Party B to discuss Party B’s expressed interest in a potential commercial partnership with, and equity investment in, the Company, during which the potential for Party B to acquire the Company also was discussed. It was subsequently agreed that Mr. Vernachio would visit Party B’s senior management at Party B’s offices on November 17, 2025, while in town for a previously scheduled business trip. On November 11, 2025, in advance of an in-person meeting between senior managements of the Company and Party A, after Party A’s execution of a non-disclosure agreement Mr. Vernachio sent Party A the confidential information memorandum (the “CIM”) relating to the Company. 44 Table of Contents On November 12, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Through such date, all of the identified targeted outreach buyers (38 parties excluding Party A) had been contacted, consisting of 19 strategic parties, 16 financial sponsors with experience in the footwear and apparel industry, and three brand management companies. Of these parties, eight parties had requested non-disclosure agreements, one party (Party B) had executed a non-disclosure agreement and received the CIM, and 13 parties declined to pursue the opportunity. At this meeting, in addition to such update, TD Cowen discussed an expanded list of potential buyers, including additional strategic buyers, brand managers, financial sponsors, and international parties, for the Special Committee’s and other Board members’ consideration. On November 17, 2025, Mr. Vernachio met with members of Party B’s senior management at Party B’s offices to discuss a potential wholesale-focused commercial agreement and associated equity investment. The potential for Party B to acquire the Company was also discussed further during this meeting. On November 18, 2025, Mr. Vernachio met with members of Party C, a brand management company. On November 20, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Also on November 20, 2025, senior management, together with representatives of TD Cowen, spoke with representatives of Party B to further discuss potential strategic alternatives for a transaction with the Company, including a potential sale transaction and a commercial wholesale partnership coupled with a PIPE investment. At the request of Party B’s senior management, supplemental due diligence materials relating to the Company were provided to Party B over the following weeks to facilitate Party B’s evaluation of the opportunity. On November 24, 2025, senior management spoke with representatives of Party A, including Party A’s Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, and Head of Tax, in advance of the planned December 12, 2025 in-person meeting. On November 27, 2025, Mr. Vernachio spoke with senior management of Party D, a publicly traded footwear company, to discuss the Company’s operations, strategy and the potential opportunity to acquire or invest in the Company. On December 5, 2025, Mr. Vernachio spoke with senior leadership from Party A to prepare for the upcoming December 12, 2025 in-person management meeting, during which an agenda and topics for further discussion were addressed. Also on December 5, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met with senior management for an update on the outreach process. Through such date, 43 parties (excluding Party A) had been contacted. Of these, 13 parties had executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM, and 23 parties declined to pursue the opportunity. On December 11, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met with senior management for an update on the outreach process. Through such date, 43 parties (excluding Party A) had been contacted. Of these, 13 parties had executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM, and 26 parties declined to pursue the opportunity. The only update from the prior December 5, 2025 meeting was that three additional parties had declined to pursue the opportunity. Additionally, Party E, a public strategic party in the footwear and apparel industry that had been contacted during the initial outreach on October 27, 2025, had re-emerged and expressed an increased level of interest in a possible transaction with the Company. On December 12, 2025, senior management met in person with leadership from Party A. On December 18, 2025, Party A informed Mr. Vernachio that it had decided to pass on the opportunity to acquire the Company. 45 Table of Contents On December 19, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts and to discuss options following Party A’s decision to pass on the opportunity. Through such date, 43 parties had been contacted, 14 parties had executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM, and 29 parties, including Party A and Party D, had declined to pursue the opportunity. Meanwhile, Party B, Party C, and Party E remained actively engaged and were continuing to review the opportunity. Party F and Party G, both brand management companies, also had become actively engaged. In addition, Party H, a sponsor-backed footwear strategic with a similar size to the Company, expressed interest in a potential merger with the Company. In light of Party A’s decision to pass on the opportunity and the Company’s challenging business performance resulting in the need for additional financing in the medium-term, TD Cowen suggested expanding the outreach process to a broader universe of approximately 50 potential buyers, including additional strategic buyers, brand management companies, financial sponsors, and international strategic parties, while simultaneously contacting potential financial investors. The Special Committee and other Board members ultimately determined to broaden the Company’s outreach process while, in parallel, advancing discussions with parties that had expressed interest in a potential PIPE investment given the shorter timeline for such process. On December 26, 2025, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on outreach efforts and process preparation. Through such date, 44 parties had been contacted, 15 parties had executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM, and 30 parties, including Party G, declined to pursue the opportunity. Party B had verbally communicated to senior management and representatives of TD Cowen Party B’s preliminary view of a potential acquisition of the Company with an implied equity value of approximately $35 million, subject to due diligence. Party C verbally had communicated to representatives of TD Cowen that Party C could submit a proposal of up to $30 million for the intellectual property of the Company, but did not have an operating partner to acquire the operating assets or net working capital of the Company. Party E, Party F, and Party H continued to actively evaluate the opportunity. On January 5, 2026, in accordance with the directives of the Special Committee and other Board members, TD Cowen initiated an outreach on behalf of the Company to the broader universe of potential buyers discussed previously with the Special Committee and other Board members on December 19, 2025. On January 8, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Prior to initiating the broader outreach, 44 parties had been contacted, seven parties from the initial outreach process remained actively engaged in pursuing a transaction with the Company, and two parties, Party B and Party C, had submitted verbal indications of interest to representatives of TD Cowen. As part of the broader outreach, an additional 34 parties were contacted, including five strategic buyers, nine financial sponsors, eight brand managers, and 12 international strategic parties. American Exchange Group was included in this outreach. In total, by January 8, 2026, the outreach process had expanded to 78 parties, of which 16 parties had executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM, and 38 parties had declined to pursue the opportunity. At this meeting, the Special Committee and other Board members also discussed with senior management and representatives of TD Cowen the potential structure for a sale to a brand management company. On January 16, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts both to potential buyers and equity investors. Since the January 8, 2026 meeting, three additional parties had been contacted, bringing the total parties contacted to 81 parties, including 37 parties contacted as part of the most recent outreach round. Of the parties contacted in the most recent round, four parties executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM. A total of 42 parties from both the targeted and broader outreach had declined to pursue the opportunity. On January 22, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Since 46 Table of Contents the January 16, 2026 meeting, four additional parties had been contacted, bringing the total parties contacted to 85 parties, including 41 parties contacted as part of the most recent outreach round. Of the parties contacted in the most recent round, six parties executed non-disclosure agreements and received the CIM. A total of 51 parties from both the targeted and broader outreach, including American Exchange Group, had declined to pursue the opportunity. On January 30, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Since the January 22, 2026 meeting, six additional parties had been contacted, bringing the total parties contacted to 91 parties, including 47 parties contacted as part of the most recent round of outreach, and 15 parties received a process letter outlining instructions and timing for submitting initial indications of interest by February 6, 2026. From the initial outreach, Party B had remained engaged, but indicated its preference for a commercial partnership rather than an acquisition of the Company. Party C indicated that it remained interested in an acquisition of the Company’s intellectual property at an approximate $30 million purchase price, subject to review and due diligence. On February 4, 2026, the Company’s senior management met, together with representatives of TD Cowen, in person with leadership from Party H. On February 5, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, for an update on the outreach efforts. No additional parties had been contacted since the January 30, 2026 meeting. On February 6, 2026, Party I, a brand management company contacted as part of the broader outreach, submitted a proposal to acquire the Company’s intellectual property, inventory, accounts receivable, customer data, and existing and proposed commercial agreements for $50 million, which proposal did not include any assumption of accounts payable or other current liabilities. On the same date, Party J, also a brand management company contacted through the broader outreach, submitted a proposal to acquire the Company’s intellectual property and related net working capital for $45 million, subject to further review of the Company’s net working capital. On February 11, 2026, Party K, contacted as part of the broader outreach efforts, submitted a proposal to acquire the Company for a total equity value of approximately $13 million to $18 million, assuming the transaction was structured in a debt and cash neutral manner. Also on February 11, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for an update on the outreach efforts. Through such date, 91 parties had been contacted and 65 parties had declined to pursue the opportunity. Three parties, Party I, Party J, and Party K, had submitted written indications of interest to acquire the Company and four parties, including Party B, Party C, and Party L, a brand management company contacted during the latest round of outreach, submitted verbal indications of interest to acquire selected assets of the Company. On February 13, 2026, access to the Company’s virtual data room was granted to Party I, Party J, and Party K, the three parties that had submitted written indications of interest for an acquisition of the Company. On February 16, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the sale process. At this meeting, potential buyers that remained in the process and their respective proposals were reviewed. The Company’s cash runway, preserving liquidity, and certain considerations related to potential additional financing through a transaction closing also were discussed. On February 18, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the sale process and proposals received as of such date. 47 Table of Contents On February 19, 2026, Party I confirmed that its best and final offer was $50 million for only the Company’s intellectual property, accounts receivable and inventory. Party I confirmed that its offer did not include any assumption of accounts payable or other current liabilities. Also on February 19, 2026, senior management met, together with representatives of TD Cowen, with principals of Party K to introduce the Company’s management team and address questions from Party K pertaining to the Company’s operations. Additionally, on February 19, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, for a process update. Later on February 19, 2026, representatives of American Exchange Group contacted representatives of TD Cowen indicating that American Exchange Group had renewed interest in re-engaging in discussions regarding a potential transaction with the Company. On February 20, 2026, American Exchange Group executed a non-disclosure agreement with the Company and was provided with certain materials relating to the Company, including the CIM, to facilitate American Exchange Group’s review of the opportunity. On February 24, 2026, Party K submitted a revised indication of interest to acquire the Company for a total equity value of $16 million, assuming no net debt. Also on February 24, 2026, American Exchange Group verbally proposed to representatives of TD Cowen to acquire the Company at a purchase price equivalent to $2.00 to $2.25 per share. Also on February 24, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of Holland & Hart, to discuss the sale process and proposals received as of such date. On February 25, 2026, after further discussing potential structures for acquiring specific net working capital assets and assuming certain liabilities of the Company and providing updated net working capital figures, Party J revised its proposal to acquire the Company’s intellectual property, related net working capital (including an assumption of accounts payable and accrued expenses) from $45 million to $31 million. On February 26, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the sale process. The Special Committee and other Board members were informed that American Exchange Group verbally had proposed to acquire the Company at a purchase price equivalent to $2.00 to $2.25 per share. It was agreed that obtaining a written proposal from American Exchange Group was critical to enabling the Special Committee and other Board members to assess the proposals received and determine which transaction would deliver the best outcome for the Company’s stockholders. Later that day, American Exchange Group provided a letter of intent to acquire the Company for a total equity value of approximately $19 million. On February 27, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the proposals received to date. The Special Committee and other Board members emphasized the importance of certainty to closing and a clear purchase price per share for potential equity deal structures, including from American Exchange Group. Also at this meeting, Mr. Thanawala notified the Special Committee that he had determined that for personal reasons he would no longer serve on the Special Committee. Following such meeting, the Special Committee was comprised of Ms. Hughes and Mr. Boyce. On March 2, 2026, Party K submitted a revised indication of interest to acquire the Company’s intellectual property, inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other current liabilities for $37 million. 48 Table of Contents Also on March 2, 2026, Party M, a global footwear and apparel retailer with which the Company previously had engaged in discussions regarding a potential convertible note investment, indicated its intention to submit a proposal to acquire the Company’s assets by March 4, 2026. Later on March 2, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the status of proposals and indications of interest received. On March 4, 2026, Party M submitted a term sheet proposing to acquire the Company’s intellectual property and inventory for $60 million (with no assumption of accounts payable or other current liabilities). Also on March 4, 2026, representatives of American Exchange Group informed representatives of TD Cowen that American Exchange Group intended to submit a revised proposal by March 6, 2026. On March 5, 2026, Party N submitted an indication of interest to acquire all of the Company’s intellectual property (with no other assets) at a proposed purchase price range of $30 million to $40 million, subject to the Company continuing to operate as a standalone company or Party N finding an operating group with which to partner. Also on March 5, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss the status of proposals and indications of interest received. On March 6, 2026, American Exchange Group submitted a revised letter of intent to acquire the Company’s intellectual property, inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other current liabilities for $37.5 million, with a signing date of March 30, 2026. Also on March 6, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to review the proposals and indications of interest received through such date. Party I, Party J, Party K, Party M, and American Exchange Group each had submitted written proposals. Party I and Party M had submitted proposals to acquire only certain assets of the Company, without the assumption of any accounts payable or other current liabilities. The Special Committee and other Board members discussed with senior management and the Company’s advisors a comparison of the proposals received, noting that when taking into consideration assumed accounts payable and other current liabilities that American Exchange Group’s proposal included (approximately $26.5 million based on then estimated amounts), Party I’s $50 million proposal represented approximately $23.5 million on a comparable basis, and Party M’s $60 million proposal represented approximately $33.5 million on a comparable basis. The written proposals submitted by Party J and Party K, which had included an assumption of accounts payable and other current liabilities, were $34 million and $37 million, respectively. In light of the foregoing, the Special Committee and other Board members determined that American Exchange Group’s $37.5 million proposal was the highest proposed value received for the Company on a comparable basis and directed senior management and the Company’s advisors to continue negotiations with American Exchange Group. On March 8, 2026, following negotiations, American Exchange Group submitted its final offer to acquire the Company’s intellectual property, inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other current liabilities for $39 million. Later that day, Mr. Vernachio, on behalf of the Company, and with approval of the Special Committee and other Board members, executed the letter of intent with American Exchange Group. On March 10, 2026, counsel for American Exchange Group (“Buyer’s Counsel”) provided a proposed form of asset purchase agreement to the Company and Holland & Hart. On March 11, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members met, together with senior management, and representatives of TD Cowen and Holland & Hart, to discuss next steps with American 49 Table of Contents Exchange Group. At this meeting, the Special Committee and other Board members directed Holland & Hart to draft the Asset Purchase Agreement on behalf of the Company. From March 11, 2026 to March 16, 2026, Holland & Hart, on behalf of the Company, drafted the Asset Purchase Agreement based on feedback from the Special Committee, other Board members, and senior management. On March 16, 2026, Holland & Hart circulated the initial draft of the Asset Purchase Agreement to Buyer’s Counsel. Also on March 16, 2026, a representative of the Company contacted a representative of Duff & Phelps regarding a potential engagement to provide a fairness opinion in connection with a possible transaction. On March 17, 2026, the Company received a presentation on the qualifications of Duff & Phelps. On March 17, 2026 and March 18, 2026, representatives of American Exchange Group conducted detailed due diligence sessions with the Company’s senior management. On March 18, 2026, Buyer’s Counsel provided to the Company and Holland & Hart, an issues list regarding the initial draft of the Asset Purchase Agreement. On March 19, 2026, the Special Committee and other Board members authorized the Company’s senior management to engage an independent third-party to provide a fairness opinion in connection with a possible transaction. With approval of the Special Committee and other Board members, senior management executed an engagement letter on behalf of the Company with Duff & Phelps to deliver a fairness opinion in connection with the Asset Sale. For information regarding the terms of such engagement, see “The Asset Sale Proposal (Proposal No. 1)—Engagement of Financial Advisors—Duff & Phelps.” Thereafter, Duff & Phelps was provided with access to the Company’s virtual data room and held discussions with senior management in connection with a due diligence review of the Company and its business. Also on March 19, 2026, Holland & Hart, on behalf of the Company, based on feedback from the Special Committee, other Board members, and senior management, responded to Buyer’s counsel regarding the previously circulated issues list. On March 20, 2026, Buyer’s Counsel circulated to the Company and Holland & Hart, a revised draft of the Asset Purchase Agreement, reflecting proposed resolution on all open points. From March 20, 2026 to March 29, 2026, Buyer’s Counsel and Holland & Hart, based on feedback from their respective clients, circulated multiple revised drafts of the Asset Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2026, Duff & Phelps completed its initial technical review of the business and provided follow-up questions and data requests to senior management, which were addressed over the following day. On March 25, 2026, American Exchange Group provided a draft list of requested services for a transition services agreement (the “Transition Services Agreement”). Later that day, the Company provided American Exchange Group with the Company’s schedules to the draft Asset Purchase Agreement. On March 26, 2026, the Special Committee met to review and evaluate the Asset Sale, the Asset Purchase Agreement and related matters and documents, and recommended the approval of the asset sale, the Asset Purchase Agreement and related matters and documents by the Board. In connection with the Special Committee’s review and evaluation, Duff & Phelps delivered its financial analysis and rendered an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 27, 2026, to the Special Committee to the effect that, as of that date and based upon and subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications described in its opinion, the amount estimated by management to be 50 Table of Contents distributed to the public holders of common stock of the Company following the Proposed Transaction (as such term is defined under “The Asset Sale (Proposal No. 1)—Kroll Opinion”) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, which expressly excludes Maveron, LLC, Joseph Zwillinger and Timothy Brown (without giving effect to any impact of the Proposed Transaction on any particular stockholder, other than in its capacity as a stockholder, or any other person or group interested in the Proposed Transaction. A summary of that opinion, including the material assumptions, procedures, analyses and limitations, is included under “The Asset Sale (Proposal No. 1)—Kroll Opinion.” On March 27, 2026, the Company provided American Exchange Group with a draft term sheet for the Transition Services Agreement based on the framework and list of services previously requested. In parallel, the Asset Purchase Agreement and related schedules continued to be finalized. Later in the day on March 27, 2026, the Special Committee and the Board met to discuss the approval of the execution of the Asset Purchase Agreement, subject to final resolution of any remaining outstanding items. At a meeting of the Board on March 27, 2026 and by unanimous written consent taken on March 29, 2026, the Board discussed and resolved to adopt and approve the Asset Sale and Asset Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and to recommend that the Company’s stockholders vote for the approval of the Asset Sale. The considerations taken into account by the Special Committee and Board in determining to proceed with the transaction are described under “Reasons for the Asset Sale” above. 