 
 EX-99.1
 2
 tm2232191d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1
 Exhibit 99.1 
 BuzzFeed, Inc. Reaffirms Fourth Quarter 2022
Financial Outlook 
 for Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA Following
Yesterday’s Cost Restructuring Announcement 
 NEW YORK – (December 7, 2022) – BuzzFeed,
Inc. (“BuzzFeed” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: BZFD), a premier digital media company for the most diverse, most
online, and most socially engaged generations the world has ever seen, today has reaffirmed its fourth quarter 2022 financial outlook
following yesterday’s announcement of a cost restructuring plan. 
 “Yesterday we implemented a restructuring to
enable BuzzFeed to weather ongoing macroeconomic headwinds and audience shifts. We have a long history of adapting and investing in strategies
to best serve our audiences and business partners,” said Jonah Peretti, BuzzFeed Founder and CEO. “Successful execution against
our plans will enable us to invest in areas that will drive growth and build a more robust creator business.”
 Peretti concluded, “Following these changes,
we are reaffirming our fourth quarter 2022 financial outlook. This plan also represents a proactive step to ensure the Company is set
up to accelerate execution and deliver strong business results into 2023.”
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Outlook 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022:
 | ● | We expect overall revenues in the range of $129 to $134 million | 
 | ● | We expect Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $12.5 to $17.5 million | 
 These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ
materially as a result of many factors. Refer to the Forward-Looking Statements safe harbor below for information on factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
 We have not provided the most directly comparable GAAP financial guidance
measure due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts that are necessary for such reconciliations. Accordingly,
a reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance for Adjusted EBITDA to the corresponding GAAP measure is not available.
 About BuzzFeed, Inc. 
 BuzzFeed, Inc. is home to the best of the internet. Across
food, news, pop culture and commerce, our brands drive conversation and inspire what audiences watch, read, buy, and obsess over next.
Born on the internet in 2006, BuzzFeed, Inc. is committed to making it better: providing trusted, quality, brand-safe news and entertainment
to hundreds of millions of people; making content on the internet more inclusive, empathetic, and creative; and inspiring our audience
to live better lives. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures
and represent key metrics used by management and our board of directors to measure the operational strength and performance of our business,
to establish budgets, and to develop operational goals for managing our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss, excluding the
impact of net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests, income tax provision (benefit), interest expense, interest income,
other expense, net, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, change in fair
value of derivative liability, restructuring costs, impairment expense, transaction-related costs, certain litigation costs, public company
readiness costs, and other non-cash and non-recurring items that management believes are not indicative of ongoing operations. Adjusted
EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by revenue for the same period.
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are relevant
and useful information for investors because they allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by our management.
There are limitations to the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate
non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be considered
a substitute for measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements regarding our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts (including our outlook for Q4 2022) or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,”
“can,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,”
“predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would”
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include, for example, statements about: (1) anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges
in our business and in the markets in which we operate; (2) demand for products and services and changes in traffic; (3) changes in the
business and competitive environment in which we operate; (4) developments and projections relating to our competitors and the digital
media industry; (5) the impact of national and local economic and other conditions and developments in technology, each of which could
influence the levels (rate and volume) of our subscriptions and advertising, the growth of our business and the implementation of our
strategic initiatives; (6) poor quality broadband infrastructure in certain markets; (7) technological developments; (8) our success in
retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, officers, key employees or directors; (9) our business, operations and financial performance,
including expectations with respect to our financial and business performance, including financial projections and business metrics and
any underlying assumptions thereunder and future business plans and growth opportunities; (10) our future capital requirements and sources
and uses of cash, including our ability to obtain additional capital in the future; (11) expectations regarding future acquisitions, partnerships
or other relationships with third parties; (12) government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations; (13)
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and the actions we may take in the future in response thereto; and (14) our ability
to maintain the listing of our Class A common stock and warrants on Nasdaq.
 The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in the Company’s filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that
we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. We do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may
be required under applicable securities laws.
 ###
 Contacts 
 Media Contact 
 Carole Robinson, BuzzFeed: carole.robinson@buzzfeed.com 
 Investor Relations Contact 
 Amita Tomkoria, BuzzFeed: investors@buzzfeed.com 
