=====PAGE 42 Rect(0.0, 0.0, 1000.6299438476562, 595.275634765625)
--- LEFT
STRATEGY
looked to better reward real engagement by creating a bespoke model that better reflects our own
fan-driven consumption and listening experience.
We continued to lead the industry forward in our groundbreaking deals and collaborations with
Amazon, Meta, TikTok, Snap, YouTube and others that helped apply Artist-Centric principles into
social listening and other categories.
Throughout 2025, we actively advanced our Artist-Centric principles with a number of key partners
to meet what we believe will be opportunities to increase our and our artists’ revenue by
building innovative superfan focused product offerings. This will create new revenue streams, and
opportunities for artists to engage with their biggest fans.
We are working closely with partners on the development of a compelling set of new features
that could form a super-premium subscription tier to help elevate the listener experience and
further deepen artist-fan engagement. In the future, we expect super-premium tiers to be deployed
by most streaming platforms—enhancing the user experience, bringing fans closer to the artists
they love and increasing subscription revenue for artists. The best way to characterize our vision
for streaming’s transformation through innovation is to frame the evolution of the market from
“Streaming 1.0” to “Streaming 2.0”.
Charting the transformation of our business over the past decade, it was essential to encourage
the market’s evolution by focusing on a simple and appealing value proposition for subscription
streaming, with services effectively marketing this clear and compelling product. We refer to this
period as Streaming 1.0, when market adoption scaled dramatically. However, the simplicity of this
model —with all streams being equal— has precipitated problems with volume prioritized over value.
We believe that the streaming models must adapt to embrace change.
Under Streaming 2.0, we elevate our focus on maximizing customer value, while also continuing
to grow the subscriber base. We believe that customer segmentation driven by product innovation
will be an important contributor to the next stage of subscription market growth. We are focused on
--- RIGHT
how best to drive customer acquisition via free tiers while also improving their economics, as we
realign the subscription model around the core value driver of authentic artist-fan relationships and
ultimately endeavor to capture higher customer value through super-premium tiers of service.
Subscriptions and ad-funded streaming have been primary growth drivers of our business over the
last ten years and are expected to continue to be engines of growth going forward — but we believe
growth in the years ahead will also be driven by targeting the superfan opportunity and through our
partnerships with a broad array of businesses fueled by music. This is how we further address our
goal of broadening and deepening monetization in the era of Streaming 2.0.
We executed our first major Streaming 2.0 deal in late 2024 when we expanded our global partnership
with Amazon, implementing artist centric initiatives, advancing Al and fraud protections and
promoting revenue growth. In 2025, we signed new multi-year agreements with Spotify and YouTube
platforms covering recorded music and music publishing that also embrace our Streaming 2.0
framework. These agreements provide for new paid-subscription tiers, the bundling of music and
non-music content, and a richer audio and visual content catalog that we believe will benefit artists,
songwriters, platforms and consumers alike.
We are extremely encouraged by this initial implementation of Streaming 2.0. Aligning our goals with
those of our platform partners is an initiative that we believe will benefit the entire music ecosystem.
The big picture: The economics of streaming is a vastly more complex subject than it was at the
infancy of the format nearly two decades ago. Artist-Centric and Streaming 2.0 address many aspects
of the traditional streaming model that have come to need revision in order to create better equity
for the artists who drive value for DSPs. Over the past two years, UMG has spearheaded the Artist-
Centric approach, which has gained significant momentum as the driver for that change.
Why it matters: The work and value of artists have become increasingly diluted on digital platforms
by an oversupply of content, much of it merely noise and increasingly more of it associated
MUSIC IS UNIVERSAL Annual Report 2025 | 42
=====PAGE 91 Rect(0.0, 0.0, 1000.6299438476562, 595.275634765625)
--- LEFT
RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
For each of the risks set out below, UMG has indicated examples of the programs, processes and
controls which are designed to help manage and mitigate the risks. These risk responses are
designed to manage risks towards, and should be read in conjunction with, the Risk Appetite as
described above.
It is however possible that these initiatives may not be successful in limiting fully or partly the
occurrence and impact of the risks on UMG's business, results and financial position.
Strategic risks
Challenge to attract, sign and retain successful artists in a highly competitive and
evolving industry.
UMG may be unable to compete successfully in the highly competitive industry and markets in
which it operates and UMG’s business may be adversely affected if UMG fails to identify, attract, sign
and retain successful recording artists and songwriters or by the absence of superstar releases.
The industry in which UMG operates is highly competitive, influenced by consumer preferences
and rapidly evolving. UMG’s competitive position is dependent on identifying, attracting, signing and
retaining recording artists and songwriters who are or will become commercially successful, who
have long-term potential, whose music is well received, whose subsequent music is demanded by
consumers and whose music will continue to generate sales as part of its catalog for years to come.
UMG uses external sources of data provided by streaming platforms or other external providers.
Limitations to access of such data could adversely impact UMG’s capability of identifying future
talents and therefore negatively affect its business. While UMG is required to devote significant
time and investment to signing, retaining and developing artists, the returns on these activities
are influenced by a number of factors, including factors outside of the control of UMG, and are
uncertain at the time of investment. To the extent that the expected returns from these activities
fail to materialize or are not in line with expectations, this may negatively impact UMG’s results and
financial position.
--- RIGHT
UMG’s competitors may become more successful at signing, marketing and promoting recording
artists, for example if UMG’s competitors increase the amounts they spend to discover, or to market
and promote, recording artists and songwriters or reduce the prices of their music in an effort to
expand market share, which may adversely impact UMG’s business, results and financial position.
UMG also faces competition from traditional music industry players as well as new entrants,
including investment funds whose investment thesis includes making acquisitions of collections
of musical compositions, or "catalog acquisitions". UMG also competes with other forms of
entertainment including new forms of entertainment and leisure activities.
UMG’s recorded music business is to a large extent dependent on rapid and significant technological
developments in order to remain competitive, including access to, selection and viability of new
technologies, and UMG’s recorded music business is subject to potential pressure from competitors
as a result of technological developments modifying the nature of UMG’s competition.
In addition, changing business practices, particularly due to the emergence of new technologies and
access to a global network of consumers, has and could further result in artists choosing to make
content available to consumers directly without being affiliated with a label or an intermediary, or
could result in music services playing some of the roles that UMG has traditionally played. In this
regard, UMG also competes with certain of the music distribution platforms who distribute the works
of artists and songwriters without the involvement of labels or intermediaries.
Adapting to, and competing with, rapid technological developments require substantial investment
of time and resources; however, such investment does not guarantee UMG’s success in developing,
implementing, transitioning to, competing with, utilizing or defending against new technology. Any
failure by UMG to accurately anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological
trends could significantly harm UMG’s competitive position and results of operations.
MUSIC IS UNIVERSAL Annual Report 2025 | 91
=====PAGE 92 Rect(0.0, 0.0, 1000.6299438476562, 595.275634765625)
--- LEFT
RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk response
With regard to the development of recording artists and songwriters, UMG believes that traditional,
high-touch, full-service label deals with its portfolio of world- renowned labels provide the most
long-term value to an artist and greatly increase the commercial success, consumer base and
longevity potential for artists at every stage of their careers. These deals provide for the full suite of
professional expertise and global resources of a major label, including a comprehensive approach
to content creation, organic artist development, timing, marketing, promotion, financial investment,
and forward planning.
UMG is pioneering partnerships with new platforms, continuing the decades-long fight for copyright
protections all around the world while combatting piracy in its many forms and creating commercial
environments for artists in countries where commerce in music was basically non-existent; UMG
continues investing in the next generation of creative leaders.
UMG has consistently demonstrated the value it represents to an artist’s success. Producing and
marketing music successfully requires significant upfront investment and involves collaborating
with the best writers and producers. UMG invests more money and expertise through its staff of
industry specialists than any other recorded music company in signing and developing talent.
Combining these investments and expertise with UMG’s excellence in marketing and in promoting
artists globally enables UMG to consistently lead the industry in breaking artists.
UMG’s diverse range of artists and labels helps the business consistently cater to changing
consumer trends. As a result of having such a broad array of artists and labels, UMG is not reliant on
one artist, or on a small number of artists, to generate revenue in any given year.
Decline in subscription adoption, streaming revenue and digital market share
If subscription adoption and streaming revenue or UMG’s digital market share fail to grow or grow
less rapidly than UMG anticipates, UMG's business may be adversely affected.
--- RIGHT
Revenues from subscription music services are important to UMG because they offset declines in
downloads and physical sales and represent a growing area of UMG's recorded music business. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, UMG generated €6,319 million of subscription and streaming
revenues, representing an increase of €281 million, or 4.7%, as compared to €6,038 for the year ended
December 31, 2024.
Consumption formats in the music industry are susceptible to technological advancements and
changing consumer preferences around how music is accessed, as illustrated in recent years by
the global decline in revenue derived from CD sales, and subsequently downloads, as subscription
music services and ad-supported streaming revenue increased. In addition, consumption in
streaming has started to shift from better monetized video platforms to short-form platforms,
according to IFPI Global Music Report 2024, which are not yet as well monetized. Technological
developments and other factors may, in the future, negatively impact streaming or otherwise disrupt
the music industry.
Large quantities of uploads with no meaningful engagement, including non-artist noise content
delivered daily to digital platforms (including via the use of generative AI), or misattribution
increase the challenges for marketing music to fans and policing infringements. Additionally,
technology around streaming manipulation, fraud and hacking is becoming increasingly refined
and subscription streaming services are vulnerable to such advancements which could undermine
consumer confidence and cause revenue loss.
Although UMG believes UMG's strategic initiatives, Artist-Centric Phase 2 and Streaming 2.0, will
offer new opportunities for future growth in paid streaming by providing for new paid subscription
tiers which UMG believes will increase UMG's revenue by maximizing customer value while also
continuing to grow UMG's subscription base, UMG may be unable to advance these initiatives with
UMG's partners. As subscription growth has slowed in established markets, UMG is focused on
subscriber growth potential in lower average revenue per user ("ARPU") markets. If, as a result, UMG’s
subscription or streaming revenue fail to grow, grow less rapidly than it has over the past several
years or declines, UMG’s recorded music business may experience reduced levels of revenue and
MUSIC IS UNIVERSAL Annual Report 2025 | 92
=====PAGE 93 Rect(0.0, 0.0, 1000.6299438476562, 595.275634765625)
--- LEFT
RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
operating income. Additionally, slower growth in streaming adoption or revenue is also likely to have
a negative impact on UMG’s music publishing business, which generates a significant portion of its
revenue from sales and other uses of recorded music.
The recorded music business also faces competition for consumer attention from other forms of
entertainment and leisure activities, such as cable and satellite television, on-demand television,
motion pictures, podcasts and video games and user-generated content in physical and digital
formats. UMG may face competition in the future from the development of any number of new
forms of entertainment and leisure activities. Streaming revenue and/or subscription adoption could
decline if UMG's recorded music business unsuccessfully competes against other existing or new
forms of entertainment and leisure activities or produces and distributes audio and audiovisual
recordings without broad consumer appeal. Any such decline in streaming adoption or revenue
could adversely impact UMG's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
Risk response
UMG continues to actively and successfully work with existing and new streaming and subscription
partners (global, regional and local) to develop existing and create new revenue streams. UMG also
spearheaded the re-imagining of the subscription streaming model, encouraging digital partners to
tackle streaming manipulation and fraud, and to evolve the revenue model to reward real artists
that drive engagement and retention on streaming platforms. UMG plays an active role in promoting
the continued development of new digital services and consumer offerings in order to support a
competitive, healthy and increasingly global market, as well as in developing and growing new
categories for exploitation of digital music, including fitness and wellness. UMG has agreements
with several hundred global, regional and local digital service providers around the world, growing
legal consumption of music and legitimate commercial outlets in markets with high levels of
piracy, including the high-growth countries Brazil, India, China, Latin America, Africa, the Middle
East, Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. These services have made music more accessible to fans,
offering a free-to-use option for consumers as an alternative to pirated content, with additional
upsell opportunities created.
--- RIGHT
The result of UMG’s leadership position, as well as its willingness to embrace new business
partners and spearhead the development of new business models around the world, has resulted
in an expanded market for music consumption and monetization, benefiting artists, fans, platform
partners and music companies. We executed our first major Streaming 2.0 deal in late 2024 when we
expanded our global partnership with Amazon, implementing artist centric initiatives, advancing Al
and fraud protections and promoting revenue growth. In 2025, we signed new multi-year agreements
with Spotify and YouTube platforms covering recorded music and music publishing that also
embrace our Streaming 2.0 framework. These agreements provide for new paid-subscription tiers,
the bundling of music and non-music content, and a richer audio and visual content catalog that we
believe will benefit artists, songwriters, platforms and consumers alike.
Digital service provider dependency
UMG relies on digital service providers for the online distribution and marketing of its music on the
basis of contractual terms that are subject to change.
UMG derives an increasing portion of its revenue from the licensing and distribution of music
through digital distribution channels and partners with several hundred music services around the
world. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the top 50 music services accounted for 97% of UMG’s
recorded music digital revenue, as compared to 98% for the year ended December 31, 2024. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, 70% of UMG’s recorded music revenue was derived from digital
channels, as compared to 70% for the year ended December 31, 2024.
UMG typically enters into relatively short-term agreements with digital music streaming services.
There can be no assurance that UMG will be able to renew agreements on the same terms or enter
into new agreements with any digital music service. The terms of these digital service provider
agreements, including the rates that UMG receives pursuant to them and the basis for calculation
of those rates, may change as a result of changes in the industry, changes in the law or for
other reasons. Decreases in rates or changes to other terms of agreements with digital music
streaming services could adversely impact UMG’s business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects.
MUSIC IS UNIVERSAL Annual Report 2025 | 93
=====PAGE 96 Rect(0.0, 0.0, 1000.6299438476562, 595.275634765625)
--- LEFT
RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
If UMG is not successful in its content protection efforts, its business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects may suffer.
Risk response
UMG invests significant resources in combatting the many forms of piracy of its music
including through litigation, lobbying and interdiction. UMG also encourages its digital partners to
support UMG’s content protection efforts by taking direct action against unauthorized activity on
their platforms.
Generative AI
Generative AI poses challenges to UMG's intellectual property rights and use of generative AI could
adversely affect UMG's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
UMG believes that AI can be used to enhance human creativity in music and related commercial
opportunities. However, new technology for the production of AI-generated content, including sound,
text and images has introduced new challenges for the protection of intellectual property and
creator rights.
The unauthorised reproduction of copyrighted works, including music and lyrics, to train AI
technology for the production of AI-generated content infringes intellectual property rights and
embodies unauthorised and/or fraudulent renditions of artist voices, images and likenesses. Such
infringing AI-generated content, unlicensed training on UMG’s catalogues of copyright-protected
artists content, and fraud could create vast quantities of works that include content and consumer
engagement products improperly associated with artists and targeted at their fan bases. In addition,
large-scale use of legitimately produced AI generated music could also create vast quantities of
new musical works. Any of the foregoing may compete with consumption of, and dilute engagement
with, UMG’s copyright-protected material on digital music services, including royalty pool dilution
as well as undermine other licensing opportunities for UMG’s works, which could adversely affect
UMG’s results.
--- RIGHT
Furthermore, policymakers in many countries are considering new laws or changes to existing legal
and regulatory frameworks within which AI technologies operate, and it is impossible to predict the
full extent of current or future risks related thereto. New legislation or changes to existing legislation
and regulatory frameworks might adversely impact UMG’s ability to protect and/or license UMG’s
copyright-protected material in relation to AI thereby potentially impacting UMG’s revenue. As an
example of new AI legislation, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act (the EU AI Act) entered into force in
August 2024, with most of its obligations applying in phases from six to thirty-six months thereafter.
The EU AI Act as enacted includes significant requirements on both the providers and deployers of AI
technologies, and significant sanctions for breaches.
Laws and regulations related to AI technologies and UMG’s use of them may impose on UMG
significant obligations and costs related to monitoring and compliance. Moreover, claims for
damages in respect of AI technologies may also be possible. The costs of preparing for, monitoring
and complying with laws and regulations related to AI technologies, and any claims or penalties
as the result of any use of or reliance on AI technologies, could, if applicable, adversely affect UMG
and/or third parties connected to UMG (whether directly or indirectly), which could have an adverse
effect on UMG’s business.
In addition, the adoption and integration of generative AI technologies throughout UMG’s
organization—and by third parties with whom UMG collaborates—present a number of evolving
and interrelated risks that, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect
UMG’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The adoption of AI-powered
products and services may draw greater scrutiny or generate negative reactions from fans or artists,
potentially leading to reduced engagement, reputational harm or loss of business opportunities.
UMG may also miss business opportunities because certain AI-generated products may primarily
depend on an artist’s name, image and likeness (NIL) or merchandise rights that would have
historically been areas where UMG would have contracted with artists. UMG’s rights in NIL and
merchandising are not as robust as they are in recorded music, and there is a risk that artists will
work with third parties using AI to monetise those rights rather than through UMG.
MUSIC IS UNIVERSAL Annual Report 2025 | 96
