 
 EX-3.1
 2
 amendedandrestatedcertif.htm
 EX-3.1
 amendedandrestatedcertif 
 Delaware The First State Page 1 4249897 8100 Authentication: 204294314 SR# 20208622147 Date: 12-11-20 You may verify this certificate online at corp.delaware.gov/authver.shtml I, JEFFREY W. BULLOCK, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF “PUBMATIC, INC.”, FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE ELEVENTH DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 2020, AT 8:01 O`CLOCK A.M. Exhibit 3.1 
 State of Delaware Secretary of State Division of Corporations Delivered 08:01 AM 12/11/2020 FILED 08:01 AM 12/11/2020 SR 20208622147 - FileNumber 4249897 PUBMA TIC, INC. RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION PubMatic, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows: 1. The name of this corporation is PubMatic, Inc. The date of the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State was November 13, 2006 under the name Komli, Inc. 2. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation attached hereto as Exhibit A, which is incorporated herein by this reference, and which restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, as previously amended and/or restated, has been duly adopted by this corporation's Board of Directors and by the stockholders in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, with the approval of this corporation's stockholders having been given by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its duly authorized officer and the foregoing facts stated herein are true and correct. Dated: December 11, 2020 PubMatic, Inc. By: Isl Rajeev K. Goel Name: Rajeev K. Goel Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 EXHIBIT A PUBMATIC, INC. RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION ARTICLE I: NAME The name of this corporation is PubMatic, Inc. (the "Corporation"). ARTICLE II: AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, DE 19801. The name of the registered agent at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc. ARTICLE III: PURPOSE The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "General Corporation Law'} ARTICLE IV: AUTHORIZED STOCK 1. Total Authorized. 1.1. The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 2,010,000,000 shares, consisting of three classes: 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share ("Class A Common Stock"), 1,000,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share ("Class B Common Stock" and together with the Class A Common Stock, the "Common Stock''), and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the "Preferred Stock"). 1.2. The number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of capital stock representing a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b )(2) of the General Corporation Law, and no vote of the holders of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor. 2. Pref erred Stock. 2.1. The Corporation's Board of Directors ("Board of Directors") is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, by resolution or resolutions adopted from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and, by filing a certificate of designation pursuant to the 
 applicable law of the State of Delaware ("Certificate of Designation"), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights (and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) of the shares of each such series and, except where otherwise provided in the applicable Certificate of Designation, to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law, unless a separate vote of the holders of one or more series is required pursuant to the terms of any Certificate of Designation. 2.2. Except as otherwise expressly provided in any Certificate of Designation designating any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, (i) any new series of Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by the Board of Directors without approval of the holders of Common Stock or the holders of Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, and (ii) any such new series may have powers, preferences and rights, including, without limitation, voting powers, dividend rights, liquidation rights, redemption rights and conversion rights, senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights of the Common Stock, any series of the Preferred Stock, or any future class or series of capital stock of the Corporation. 3. Rights of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 3.1. Equal Status. Except as otherwise provided in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or required by applicable law, shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have the same rights and powers, rank equally (including as to dividends and distributions, and upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation), share ratably and be identical in all respects and as to all matters. 3.2. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or as provided by law, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall (a) at all times vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, (b) be entitled to notice of any stockholders' meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the "Bylaws") and ( c) be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by applicable law; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of 3 
 Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or required by applicable law, each holder of Class A Common Stock shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder and each holder of Class B Common Stock shall have the right to ten (10) votes per share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder. 3.3. Dividends and Distribution Rights. Shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be treated equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividends or distributions as may be declared and paid from time to time by the Board of Directors out of any assets of the Corporation legally available therefor; provided, however, that in the event a dividend is paid in the form of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or rights to acquire such shares), then holders of Class A Common Stock shall receive shares of Class A Common Stock ( or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be) and holders of Class B Common Stock shall receive shares of Class B Common Stock ( or rights to acquire such shares, as the case may be), with holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock receiving, on a per share basis, an identical number of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may pay or make a disparate dividend or distribution per share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (whether in the amount of such dividend or distribution payable per share, the form in which such dividend or distribution is payable, the timing of the payment, or otherwise) if such disparate dividend or distribution is approved in advance by the affrrmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 3.4. Subdivisions, Combinations or Reclassifications. Shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may not be subdivided, combined or reclassified unless the shares of the other class are concurrently therewith proportionately subdivided, combined or reclassified in a manner that maintains the same proportionate equity ownership between the holders of the outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock on the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, however, that shares of one such class may be subdivided, combined or reclassified in a different or disproportionate manner if such subdivision, combination or reclassification is approved in advance by the affrrmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 3.5. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. Subject to the preferential or other rights of any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding, upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably all assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up is approved in advance by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 3.6. Merger or Consolidation. In the case of any distribution or payment in respect of the shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock upon the merger or 4 
 consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or in the case of any other transaction having an effect on stockholders substantially similar to that resulting from a merger or consolidation, such distribution or payment shall be made ratably on a per share basis among the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as a single class; provided, however, that shares of one such class may receive different or disproportionate distributions or payments in connection with such merger, consolidation or other transaction if (i) the only difference in the per share distribution to the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is that any securities distributed to the holder of a share Class B Common Stock have ten times the voting power of any securities distributed to the holder of a share of Class A Common Stock, or (ii) such merger, consolidation or other transaction is approved by the affrrmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. ARTICLE V: CLASS B COMMON STOCK CONVERSION 1. Optional Conversion. Each share of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Before any holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to convert any of such holder's shares of such Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock, such holder shall deliver an instruction, duly signed and authenticated in accordance with any procedures set forth in the Bylaws or any policies of the Corporation then in effect, at the principal corporate office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office of such holder's election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on conversion thereof are to be registered on the books of the Corporation. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, register on the Corporation's books ownership of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such record holder of Class B Common Stock, or to which the nominee or nominees of such record holder, shall be entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to the close of business on the date such notice of the election to convert is received by the Corporation, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock as of such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section S(a), at no time shall any member of the Board of Directors or any executive officer ( as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Exchange Act')) of the Corporation, any trust beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any member of the Board of Directors or any executive officer, or any general partnership or limited partnership beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a member of the Board of Directors, be permitted to optionally convert shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section S(a). 2. Automatic Conversion. Each share of Class B Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, be converted into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the close of business on the date that is ten (10) years from the Initial Public Offering Closing (as 5 
 defined below) (an "Automatic Conversion"). The Corporation shall provide notice of the Automatic Conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to this Section 2 of Article V to record holders of such shares of Class B Common Stock as soon as practicable following the Automatic Conversion. Such notice shall be provided by any means then permitted by the General Corporation Law; provided, however, that no failure to give such notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of the Automatic Conversion. Upon and after the Automatic Conversion, the person registered on the Corporation's books as the record holder of the shares of Class B Common Stock so converted immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion shall be registered on the Corporation's books as the record holder of the shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon Automatic Conversion of such shares of Class B Common Stock, without further action on the part of the record holder thereof. Immediately upon the effectiveness of the Automatic Conversion, the rights of the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock as such shall cease, and the holders shall be treated for all purposes as having become the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock into which such shares of Class B Common Stock were converted. 3. Conversion on Transfer. Each share of Class B Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, be converted into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock, upon the occurrence of a Transfer (as defined below), other than a Permitted Transfer (as defined below), of such share of Class B Common Stock. 4. Policies and Procedures. The Corporation may, from time to time, establish such policies and procedures, not in violation of applicable law or this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, relating to the conversion of shares of the Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock as it may deem necessary or advisable. If the Corporation has reason to believe that a Transfer that is not a Permitted Transfer has occurred, the Corporation may request that the purported transferor furnish affidavits or other evidence to the Corporation as it reasonably deems necessary to determine whether a Transfer that is not a Permitted Transfer has occurred, and if such transferor does not within ten (10) days after the date of such request furnish sufficient ( as determined by the Board of Directors) evidence to the Corporation (in the manner provided in the request) to enable the Corporation to determine that no such Transfer has occurred, any such shares of Class B Common Stock, to the extent not previously converted, shall be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock and such conversion shall thereupon be registered on the books and records of the Corporation. In connection with any action of stockholders taken at a meeting, the stock ledger of the Corporation shall be presumptive evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and the classes of shares held by each such stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 5. Definitions. (a) "Convertible Security'' shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares of Preferred Stock or other securities (other than shares of Class B Common Stock) convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, either directly or indirectly. 6 
 (b) "Family Member' shall mean with respect to any natural person who is a Qualified Stockholder, the spouse, domestic partner, parents, grandparents, lineal descendants, siblings and lineal descendants of siblings of such Qualified Stockholder. Lineal descendants shall include adopted persons, but only so long as they are adopted while a minor. (c) "/PO Date" means December 8, 2020. (d) "Option" shall mean rights, options, restricted stock units or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as defined above). ( e) "Parent' of an entity shall mean any entity that directly or indirectly owns or controls a majority of the voting power of the voting securities of such entity. (f) "Permitted Entity" shall mean with respect to a Qualified Stockholder: (a) a Permitted Trust solely for the benefit of any combination of the following: (1) such Qualified Stockholder, (2) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder, and/or (3) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; and/or (b) any general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity exclusively owned by any combination of the following: (1) such Qualified Stockholder, (2) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder, and/or (3) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder. (g) "Permitted Transfer" shall mean, and be restricted to, any Transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock: (i) by a Qualified Stockholder to (A) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder, (B) any Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder, or (C) to such Qualified Stockholder's revocable living trust, which revocable living trust is itself both a Permitted Trust and a Qualified Stockholder; (ii) by a Permitted Entity of a Qualified Stockholder to (A) such Qualified Stockholder or one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder, or (B) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; or (iii) by a general partnership or limited partnership that was the record holder of a share of Class B Common Stock as of the IPO Date to a member of the Board of Directors who is the "beneficial owner'' of such shares of Class B Common Stock within the meaning of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that in the event that such a member of the Board of Directors who has received such a Permitted Transfer from a general partnership or limited partnership subsequently is no longer a member the Board of Directors, then holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class, may cause the shares of such former director to convert automatically into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock upon a date specified in writing by such remaining majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. (h) "Permitted Transferee" shall mean a transferee of shares of Class B Common Stock received in a Permitted Transfer. 7 
 (i) "Permitted Trust' shall mean a bona fide trust where each trustee is (i) a Qualified Stockholder, (ii) a Family Member, or (iii) a professional in the business of providing trustee services, including private professional fiduciaries, trust companies and bank trust departments. (i) "Qualified Stockholder" shall mean: (a) the record holder of a share of Class B Common Stock as of the IPO Date; (b) the initial registered holder of any shares of Class B Common Stock that are originally issued by the Corporation after the IPO Date pursuant to the exercise or conversion of any Option or Convertible Security that, in each case, was outstanding as of the IPO Date; ( c) each natural person who, prior to the IPO Date, Transferred shares of capital stock of the Corporation to a Permitted Entity that is or becomes a Qualified Stockholder; ( d) each natural person who Transferred shares of, or equity awards for, Class B Common Stock (including any Option exercisable or Convertible Security exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Class B Common Stock) to a Permitted Entity that is or becomes a Qualified Stockholder; and ( e) a Permitted Transferee. (k) "Transfer" of a share of Class B Common Stock shall mean any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of such share or any legal or beneficial interest in such share, whether or not for value and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law, including, without limitation, a transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock to a broker or other nominee (regardless of whether there is a corresponding change in beneficial ownership), or the transfer of, or entering into a binding agreement with respect to, Voting Control over such share by proxy or otherwise~ provided, however, that the following shall not be considered a "Transfer'' within the meaning of this Section 5 of Article V: (i) the granting of a revocable proxy to officers or directors of the Corporation at the request of the Board of Directors in connection with actions to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; (ii) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) solely with stockholders who are holders of Class B Common Stock that (A) is disclosed either in a Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (B) either has a term not exceeding one (1) year or is terminable by the holder of the shares subject thereto at any time and (C) does not involve any payment of cash, securities, property or other consideration to the holder of the shares subject thereto other than the mutual promise to vote shares in a designated manner; (iii) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) pursuant to a written agreement to which the Corporation is a party; (iv) the pledge of shares of Class B Common Stock by a stockholder that creates a mere security interest in such shares pursuant to a bona fide loan or indebtedness transaction for so long as such stockholder continues to exercise Voting Control over such pledged shares; provided, however, that a foreclosure on such shares or other similar action by the pledgee shall constitute a Transfer unless such foreclosure or similar action qualifies as a Permitted Transfer; 8 
 (v) the fact that, as of the IPO Date or at any time after the IPO Date, the spouse of any holder of Class B Common Stock possesses or obtains an interest in such holder's shares of Class B Common Stock arising solely by reason of the application of the community property laws of any jurisdiction, so long as no other event or circumstance shall exist or have occurred that constitutes a Transfer of such shares of Class B Common Stock; provided that any transfer of shares by any holder of shares of Class B Common Stock to such holder's spouse, including a transfer in connection with a divorce proceeding, domestic relations order or similar legal requirement, shall constitute a "Transfer'' of such shares of Class B Common Stock unless otherwise exempt from the definition of Transfer; (vi) entering into a trading plan pursuant to Rule 1 0b5-1 under the Exchange Act, with a broker or other nominee; provided, however, that a sale of such shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to such plan shall constitute a "Transfer" at the time of such sale; or (vii) in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or in the case of any other transaction having an effect on stockholders substantially similar to that resulting from a merger or consolidation, that has been approved by the Board of Directors, the entering into a support, voting, tender or similar agreement or arrangement (in each case, with or without the grant of a proxy) that has also been approved by the Board of Directors. A Transfer shall also be deemed to have occurred with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock beneficially held by (i) an entity that is a Permitted Entity, if there occurs any act or circumstance that causes such entity to no longer be a Permitted Entity or (ii) an entity that is a Qualified Stockholder, if, in either case, there occurs a Transfer on a cumulative basis, from and after the 1PO Date, of a majority of the voting power of the voting securities of such entity or any direct or indirect Parent of such entity, other than a Transfer to parties that are, as of the IPO Date, holders of voting securities of any such entity or Parent of such entity. (1) "Voting Control' shall mean, with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock, the power (whether exclusive or shared) to vote or direct the voting of such share by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise. (m) "Voting Threshold Date" shall mean 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the first day falling on or after the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock represent less than a majority of the total voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the Corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 6. Status of Converted Stock. In the event any shares of Class B Common Stock are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Article V, the shares of Class B Common Stock so converted shall be retired and shall not be reissued by the Corporation. 7. Effect of Conversion on Payment of Dividends. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1, 2 or 3 of this Article V, if the date on which any share of Class B Common Stock is converted into Class A Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of Sections 9 
 1, 2 or 3 of this Article V occurs after the record date for the determination of the holders of Class B Common Stock entitled to receive any dividend or distribution to be paid on the shares of Class B Common Stock, the holder of such shares of Class B Common Stock as of such record date will be entitled to receive such dividend or distribution on such payment date; provided, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to the extent that any such dividend or distribution is payable in shares of Class B Common Stock, such dividend or distribution shall be deemed to have been declared, and shall be payable in, shares of Class A Common Stock and no shares of Class B Common Stock shall be issued in payment thereof. 8. Reservation. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available, out of its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting conversions of shares of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock, such number of duly authorized shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then-outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. If at any time the number of authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then-outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, the Corporation shall promptly take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose, including, without limitation, obtaining the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation. All shares of Class A Common Stock which are so issuable shall, when issued, be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares. The Corporation shall take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all such shares of Class A Common Stock may be so issued without violation of any applicable law or regulation. ARTICLE VI: AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. For purposes of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the term "Whole Board'' shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affrrmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws, provided, further, that, in the case of any proposed adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws that is approved by the Board and submitted to the stockholders for adoption thereby, if two-thirds (2/3) of the Whole Board has approved such adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws, then only the affrrmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting 10 
 together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws. ARTICLE VII: MATTERS RELATING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 1. Director Powers. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law or this Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. 2. Number of Directors. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the total number of directors constituting the Whole Board shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. 3. Classified Board. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, immediately following the Voting Threshold Date, the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively (the "Classified Board''). The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office immediately prior to the Voting Threshold Date to such classes of the Classified Board, which assignments shall become effective at the same time the Classified Board becomes effective. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors, with the number of directors in each class to be divided as nearly equal as reasonably possible. The initial term of office of the Class I directors shall expire at the Corporation's first annual meeting of stockholders following the Voting Threshold Date, the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the Corporation's second annual meeting of stockholders following the Voting Threshold Date, and the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at the Corporation's third annual meeting of stockholders following the Voting Threshold Date. At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the first annual meeting of stockholders following the Voting Threshold Date, directors elected to succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. 4. Term and Removal. Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such director's term expires and until such director's successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any electronic transmission. Prior to the Voting Threshold Date, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Following the Voting Threshold Date, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, no director may be removed from the Board of Directors except for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, (a) each director then serving as such shall nevertheless 11 
 continue as a director of the class of which he or she is a member and (b) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting from such increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes of directors so as to make all classes as nearly equal in number as is practicable, provided that no decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any director. 5. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which the director has been assigned expires and until such director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. 6. Vote by Ballot. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. ARTICLE VIII: DIRECTOR LIABILITY 1. Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. 2. Change in Rights. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption of such an inconsistent provision. ARTICLE IX: MATTERS RELATING TO STOCKHOLDERS 1. Action by Written Consent of Stockholders. Prior to the Voting Threshold Date, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation may take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Following the Voting Threshold Date, subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders, and no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 2. Special Meeting of Stockholders. Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, 12 
 the Lead Independent Director ( as defined in the Bylaws) or the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, and may not be called by the stockholders or any other person or persons. 3. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominations and Business Transacted at Special Meetings. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors of the Corporation and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Business transacted at special meetings of stockholders shall be limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. ARTICLE X: SEVERABILITY If any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including without limitation, all portions of any section of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, which is not invalid, illegal, or unenforceable) shall remain in full force and effect. ARTICLE XI: AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 1. General. The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation) or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote (but subject to Section 2 of Article IV hereof), but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate oflncorporation (including any Certificate of Designation), and subject to Sections 1 and 2.1 of Article IV, the affrrmative vote of the holders of at least two- thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, this Section 1 of this Article XI, Sections 1.2 and 2 of Article IV, or Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX, Article X or Article XII (the "Specified Provisions"); provided, further, that if two-thirds (2/3) of the Whole Board has approved such amendment or repeal of, or any provision inconsistent with, the Specified Provisions, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class (in addition to any other vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation), shall be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, the Specified Provisions. 2. Changes to or Inconsistent with Section 3 of Article IV. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of 13 
 Designation) or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate oflncorporation (including any Certificate of Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of Class A Common Stock representing at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, voting separately as a single class, and the affirmative vote of the holders of Class B Common Stock representing at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the voting power of the then- outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as single classes, shall be required to amend or repeal, or to adopt any provision inconsistent with, Section 3 of Article N or this Section 2 of this Article XI. ARTICLE XII: CHOICE OF FORUM Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware ( or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or as to which the General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; ( d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; or ( e) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Article XII shall preclude the filing of claims in the federal district courts of the United States of America under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor thereto or under the Exchange Act, or any successor thereto. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article XII. 14 
