 
 EX-4.3
 4
 exhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3
 Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 As of December 31, 2020, PubMatic, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”): our Class A common stock. 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following description of our capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”) and our Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 1,000,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share. 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue the authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 
 Economic Rights 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in our Certificate of Incorporation or required by applicable law, shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters, including, without limitation, those described below. 
 Dividends. Any dividend or distributions paid or payable to the holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be paid equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class; provided, however, that if a dividend or distribution is paid in the form of Class A common stock or Class B common stock (or rights to acquire shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock), then the holders of the Class A common stock will receive Class A common stock (or rights to acquire shares of Class A common stock) and holders of Class B common stock will receive Class B common stock (or rights to acquire shares of Class B common stock). 
 Subdivisions and Combinations. If we subdivide or combine in any manner outstanding shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, then the outstanding shares of all common stock will be subdivided or combined in the same proportion and manner, unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions. Subject to the preferential or other rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding, upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be entitled to receive ratably all of our assets available for distribution to our stockholders unless treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Change of Control Transaction. In connection with any distribution or payment in respect of our capital stock upon the merger or consolidation of PubMatic with or into any other entity, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be treated equally and identically with respect to shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock owned by them, unless different treatment of the shares of each class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Class A common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes for each share of Class B common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our Certificate of Incorporation. Delaware law could require either holders of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances: (1) if we were to seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and (2) if we were to seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation on in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of our capital stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. 
 We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our Certificate of Incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock will be able to elect all of our directors then standing for election. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Conversion 
 Each outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain permitted transfers described in our Certificate of Incorporation, including transfers to family members, trusts solely for the benefit of the stockholder or their family members, and partnerships, corporations, and other entities exclusively owned by the stockholder or their family members. However, our executive officers, board of directors, and their respective affiliates may only convert through a transfer triggering automatic conversion described above, and not an optional conversion. Once converted or transferred and converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock will not be reissued. 
 All the outstanding shares of Class B common stock will convert automatically into shares of Class A common stock on December 11, 2030. Following such conversion, each share of Class A common stock will have 
 one vote per share and the rights of the holders of all outstanding common stock will be identical. Once converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock may not be reissued. 
 Choice of Forum 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws; (iv) or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our Bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), which we refer to as a Federal Forum Provision. Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company and might adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 The provisions of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation, and our Bylaws, could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are subject to, and have not opted out of, the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: 
 (1) before the stockholder became interested, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 (2) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder), shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers, and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 
 (3) at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 In general, Section 203 defines a “business combination” to include the following: 
 (1) any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 
 (2) any sale, transfer, lease, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 
 (3) subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 
 (4) any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 
 (5) the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an “interested stockholder” as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 
 Dual Class Common Stock 
 As described above, our Certificate of Incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure pursuant to which holders of our Class B common stock (which include our founders, pre-IPO investors, executives, 
 and employees) will have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. 
 Board Vacancies 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws authorize generally only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships resulting from any cause or created by the expansion of our board of directors. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors may be set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. 
 Classified Board 
 Initially, our board of directors will not be classified. However, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors at such time as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock. Directors may be removed from office with or without cause so long as our board of directors is not classified, and after our board of directors is classified, directors may be removed from office only for cause. The existence of a classified board of directors could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror. 
 Stockholder Action 
 Initially, stockholders may take action by written consent. However, our Certificate of Incorporation provide that stockholders may no longer take action by written consent at such time as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock. At such time, our stockholders may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. Stockholders will not be permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. Our Bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our entire board of directors. Additionally, our Bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. 
 Holding Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our Bylaws require continuous, beneficial ownership of 1% of our common stock for one year for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. These provisions may delay or preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders and from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Certain amendments to Certificate of Incorporation will require approval by the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding common stock. An amendment to our Bylaws requires the approval of a majority of our entire board of directors or approval by the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding common stock. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The address for the transfer agent and registrar is 480 Washington Blvd Jersey City, NJ 07310, and its telephone number is (800) 962-4284. 
 Exchange Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “PUBM.” 
