Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
LABOR BUREAU 
IN THE MATTER OF THE 
INVESTIG
ATION OF LETITIA 
JAMES, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
OF 
DOORDASH, INC. 
ASSURANCE OF 
DISCONT
INUANCE 
Assurance No. 25-007 
The Office of the Attorney General of the State of New York (“OAG”) has 
investigated DoorDash, 
Inc. (hereinaft er referred to as “DoorDash” or 
“Respondent”) pursuant to its authority under Executive Law §63(12).   
The investigation examined Respondent’s alleged violations of New York 
Executive L
aw §63(12) and General Business Law §349 in connection with 
DoorDash’s practices that were in place from approximately May 2017 through 
September 2019. In particular, the in vestigation focused on concerns regarding 
whether DoorDash misled both consumers of DoorDash, who used its app to order 
the delivery of food, and the delivery workers who delivered the orders, concerning 
how DoorDash used tips that consumers designated for the delivery workers. Rather 
than the tip being provided to these delivery workers on top of the guaranteed pay 
offered to a delivery worker before acc epting a delivery, the “tip” typically 
subsidized guaranteed pay offered and was not provided to the delivery workers on 
top of the guaranteed pay amount (hereinafter referred to as the “Matter”). 
 
1 
This Assurance of Discontinuance (“Assurance”) contains the OAG’s 
findings in connection with the Matter and the relief agreed to by the OAG and 
Respondent (collectively, the “Parties”). 
FINDINGS 
1. DoorDash, Inc. is a Delaware corporation with its headquarters and 
princi
pal place of business at 901 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. 
2. DoorDash is a company that facilitates food ordering and food delivery 
through 
its online platform that connects consumers (who place delivery orders) to 
merchants (who fulfill the delivery orders) and “Dashers,” the individuals who 
deliver DoorDash-facilitated deliveries from merchants to consumers.  
3. A pros pective Dasher registers to work for DoorDash by providing their 
email, phone number, and zip code. After clearing a background check, Dashers are 
able to begin delivering orders for the company. 
4. From approx
 imately May 2017 through September 2019 (“the Relevant 
Period”) DoorDash facilitated deliveries to more than 1.6 million unique consumers 
by approximately 85,000 Dashers. 
5. Throughou t the Relevant Period, DoorDash employed a guaranteed pay 
model that subsidized a portion of the company’s payments to Dashers with 
consumer tips (“the Guaranteed Pay Model”). 
6. Under the 
 Guaranteed Pay Model, when a consumer placed a delivery 
order DoorDash presented the consumer with  a subtotal for the order that included 
2 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
the cost of food, as well as taxes and a service fee, and an option to “Continue.” 
After clicking “Continue,” DoorDash pres ented the consumer with a “Delivery 
Details” page that allowed the consumer to confirm the delivery address and 
estimated time of arrival, and also included an option to add a “Dasher Tip.” 
7. Door
 Dash then matched the placed order with a Dasher by presenting 
a nearby Dasher with an offer to deliver the order.  This offer was presented to the 
Dasher through the DoorDash app and included a map showing the delivery route 
and distance, an estimated time to complete the delivery, a summary of the items to 
be delivered, and guaranteed pay for co mpleting the delivery (“the Guaranteed 
Amount”). The Dasher had a limited time in which to accept or decline the offer. 
8. The “Guarant
 eed Amount” provided the Dasher with the minimum 
amount they would earn for making th e delivery. DoorDash calculated the 
Guaranteed Amount using a variety of factors, including the size of the order, the 
projected delivery distance, and the projected wait time at the restaurant. 
9. During t
 he Relevant Period, consumers utilizing DoorDash would have 
expected that the “tip” added to the delivery charge through the DoorDash checkout 
screen would be provided to the Dasher on top of the Guaranteed Amount promised 
by DoorDash for the delivery. But during the Relevant Period, that was not the case. 
10. Instead, DoorDash used consumer tips to subsidize the Guaranteed 
Amount
 payment it promised to Dashers. DoorDash did this by using a formula for 
every “Guaranteed Amount” that paid to the Dasher (a) $1 and (b) any remainder 
3 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
toward the Guaranteed Amount after deducting the consumer’s tip. In this way, 
DoorDash’s share of a Dasher’s Guaranteed Amount was reduced as the size of the 
tip on that delivery increased. 
11. For example, for a Dasher who ac cepted a job with a Guaranteed 
Amount of $10: 
a. If a consumer tipped $0, DoorDash would pay $10 ($1 + $9 
remainder). 
The Dasher was paid $10. 
b. If a consumer tipped $3, DoorDash would pay $7 ($1 + $6 
remainder). 
The Dasher was paid $10. 
c. If a consumer tipped $6, DoorDash would pay $4 ($1 + $3 
remainder). 
The Dasher was paid $10. 
d. If a consumer tipped $9, DoorDash would pay $1 ($1 + $0 
remainder). 
The Dasher was paid $10. 
e. If the consumer tipped $11, DoorDash would pay $1 ($1 + $0 
remainder). Th
e Dasher was paid $12. 
12. Thus, for the typical order, the consumer’s tip made no difference at all 
to the Da
sher’s pay. 
13. During the Relevant Period, DoorDash made misleading and 
ambiguous
 representations to consumer s and Dashers, and omitted material 
information to consumers and Dashers, regarding how the amount of tips paid by a 
consumer did not change the Guaranteed Amount DoorDash paid Dashers in the vast 
4 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
majority of circumstances, in violati on of Executive Law §63(12) and General 
Business Law §349. 
14. DoorDash does not admit the findings made by the OAG or the alleged 
violati
ons of law in Paragraphs 1-13. 
15. The OAG finds the relief and agreements contained in this Assurance 
appropri
ate and in the public interest. THEREFORE, the OAG is willing to accept 
this Assurance pursuant to Executive Law §63(15), in lieu of commencing a 
statutory proceeding for violations of Executive Law §63(12) and GBL §349 based 
on the conduct described above. 
IT IS HEREBY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED, by and between the 
Parties: 
16. Entities Bound by the Assurance. This Assurance binds DoorDash, Inc. 
as well as 
its principals, officers, successors, and assigns. 
MONETARY PAYMENT 
17. DoorDash agrees to pay $16,750,000 (the “Settlement Amount”) in 
resolution 
of the Matter within 30 days of the Effective Date of this Assurance.  OAG 
shall provide DoorDash with details for the payment within 3 days of the Effective 
Date (as defined in Paragraph 52, infra). The payment and all correspondence related 
to this Assurance must reference “Assurance No. 25-007.” 
18. The Settlement Amount will be paid to the OAG and distributed by a 
third-pa
rty administrator (the “Settlement Administrator”), and the entirety of it will 
5 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
be distributed as restitution to Dashers affected during the Relevant Period by the 
alleged violations of the laws described herein (“the Dasher Distributees”). 
19. The OAG has the sole discretion to reasonably determine which 
Dashers 
shall be eligible for an individual Settlement Payment and to determine the 
amount of the Settlement Payments, including the amounts and Dasher recipients of 
any additional distributions of the Settlement Amount. At no time shall any monies 
from the Settlement Amount revert to DoorDash. 
20. Door Dash will cooperate with the OAG and the Settlement 
Administrator by providing to the OAG and the Settlement Administrator, within a 
reasonable timeframe following written request from the OAG and/or the Settlement 
Administrator, information reasonably available to DoorDash from its records 
needed to facilitate the payments to the Dasher Distributees and as provided in a 
separate agreement with the Settlement Ad ministrator. Such information shall be 
used by the OAG and the Settlement Administrator for the sole purpose of 
administering this Assurance and will be deleted by both promptly after the 
information is no longer needed to effectuate payments to Dasher Distributees. 
21. Prior to 
 DoorDash providing any of the Dasher information referenced 
in Paragraph 20, the OAG and the Sett lement Administrator will execute a 
confidentiality agreement (to be negotiated  between the Parties) that, among other 
things, prohibits the use of the Dasher information provided by DoorDash for any 
purpose other than facilitating payments to Dashers, exempts the information from 
6 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
disclosure under the New York Freedom of Information Law and Freedom of 
Information Act, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and prohibits sharing that 
information with DoorDash’s competitors or any other third parties (including any 
federal, state, or local government entities). 
22. DoorDash has the right to obtain, either through the OAG or the 
Settlement Administrator, information about Settlement Payments made from the 
Settlement Amount to any particular Dasher or set of Dashers upon DoorDash’s 
representation to the OAG that such information is relevant to actual or threatened 
legal proceedings involving that Dasher or  set of Dashers (including as an absent 
class member(s) in a putative class action lawsuit), regulatory and tax obligations, 
or other purposes where such information is reasonably necessary. 
23. DoorDash 
 agrees to pay directly on a monthly basis all reasonable costs 
up to $1 million for the Settlement Administrator to disburse the Settlement Amount 
(“Settlement Administrator Costs”) to eligible Dasher Distributees. The Settlement 
Administrator will be chosen by the OAG by separate agreement. If the Settlement 
Administrator Costs are less than $1 million, up to $250,000 of the unused portion 
of the Settlement Administrator Costs will be paid to the OAG for further 
distribution to Dashers. 
7 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
INJUNCTIVE AND PROSPECTIVE RELIEF 
24. DoorDash is enjoined from hereinafter engaging in acts or practices 
which 
violate GBL §349 and Executive Law §63(12) with respect to the business 
practices described herein and/or the Guaranteed Pay Model. 
25. Door Dash shall maintain a pay model that, with regards to food 
delivery orders placed by consumers in New York, ensures (i) consumer tips are 
distributed to Dashers in their entirety; and (ii) a consumer tip on an order does not 
have any effect on DoorDash’s contribution to the amount paid to the Dasher on that 
order provided that DoorDash shall maintain the ability to alter the obligations set 
forth in subsections (i) and (ii) of this paragraph in order to comply with or respond 
to changes under applicable law so long as DoorDash gives the OAG advance notice 
of any such alteration before implementing it. 
26. DoorDash 
 shall disclose the information set forth in Paragraph 25 
concerning its Pay Model in a form accessible to both consumers and Dashers on its 
website and within the DoorDash mobile application for Dashers. Specifically, there 
will be a hyperlink (or the equivalent, e.g., a tool-tip) to the disclosure in the user 
experience in-app, and the disclosure will be located in a logical and noticeable place 
and font size on the DoorDash website and app. 
27. Door Dash shall provide Dashers with, at a minimum, the following 
disclosures in their mobile application before the Dasher chooses to accept a delivery 
order: 
8 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
a. The estimated distance for the Dasher to complete the order; and 
b. The minimum pay the Dasher will receive if the Dasher accepts the 
order. 
28. DoorD ash shall provide Dashers, at a minimum, with an accessible 
disclosure that explains the disclosures in Paragraph 27 that a Dasher will see in their 
mobile application before the Dasher chooses to accept a delivery order. 
29. For Dasher s not subject to the New York City Minimum Pay Rate 
requirements, DoorDash shall disclose to Dashers, at a minimum for each delivery 
made, an itemized summary of the fol lowing information after completion of a 
delivery Session (for purposes of this Assurance, a “Session” shall mean the time 
from when a Dasher makes themself available to receive orders through the Dasher 
App to the time when the Dasher is no lo nger able to receive orders through the 
Dasher App): 
a. Base pay; 
b. The amount of compensation paid by DoorDash, including a 
breakdo
wn of promotional pay, bonuses, or any other component of 
DoorDash’s compensation other than base pay and tips; and 
c. The amount of the consumer tip on that order. 
30. Door
 Dash shall maintain a disclosure to Dashers not subject to the New 
York City Minimum Pay Rate requirements regarding how to access the information 
contained in Paragraph 29. 
9 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
31. To the extent it does not already do so, DoorDash shall provide Dashers 
with the ability to view their Dash History (defined as the breakdown between the 
total compensation paid by DoorDash and the total tips paid by Consumers through 
their mobile application) for at least 5 months (but no more than 200 Sessions), 
provided, however, that DoorDash will preserve Dash History and relevant delivery 
information (defined as date, time, approximate distance (where available), and 
merchant name), and make such information available to Dashers upon request for 
a period of four years. Within 60 days of the Effective Date, DoorDash shall disclose 
to Dashers their right to access the records described in this paragraph. 
32.
 Every six (6) months, starting six (6) months from the Effective Date, 
DoorDash shall submit to the OAG a certification of its compliance with all 
provisions of this Assurance, for a period of three (3) years from the Effective Date. 
33.
 DoorDash will implement the relief described in Paragraphs 25 to 32 
above within 60 days upon the full execution of this AOD and continue to implement 
the relief for three (3) years from the Effective Date (“the Effective Period”). 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Repres
entations and Warranties 
34. The OAG has agreed to the terms of this Assurance based on, among 
other things, the representations made to OAG by Respondent during the OAG’s 
investigation and the OAG’s own factual investigation as set forth in its findings set 
forth in Paragraphs 1 to 13 above. Respondent represents and warrants that it has 
10 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
 
not made any material representations to the OAG that are inaccurate or misleading. 
If any material representations by Respondent are later found to be inaccurate or 
misleading, this Assurance is voidable by the OAG in its sole discretion.  
35. No rep resentation, inducement, promise, understanding, condition, or 
warranty not set forth in this Assurance has been made to or relied upon by 
Respondent in agreeing to this Assurance. 
36. Responden t represents and warrants, through the signature below, that 
the terms and conditions of this Assurance are duly approved, and execution of this 
Assurance is duly authorized by it. 
Effects of Assurance 
37. All terms and condition s of this Assurance shall continue in full force 
and effect on any successor, assignee, or transferee of Respondent. Respondent shall 
include in any such successor, assignment or transfer agreement a provision that 
binds the successor, assignee or transferee to the terms of the Assurance. No party 
may assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this 
Assurance without the prior written consent of the OAG. 
38. Responden
 t expressly agrees and acknowledges that a default in the 
performance of any obligation hereunder is a violation of the Assurance, and that, 
subject to the requirements in Paragraph 39, the OAG thereafter may commence the 
civil action or proceeding contemplated in Paragraph 15, in addition to any other 
appropriate investigation, action, or proceeding, concerning the Matter. 
11 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
39. For purposes of resolving disputes with respect to DoorDash’s 
compliance with this Assurance, the OAG shall give DoorDash written notice of 
such default via first class mail and e-mail as indicated in Paragraph 53, which shall 
be effective three (3) days from the mailing of first class mail, after which DoorDash 
shall have 60 days (“cure period”) to cure such default. Upon request from 
DoorDash, the OAG may extend the cure period, and such extension shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
40. Any failure 
 by the OAG to insist upon the strict performance by 
Respondent of any of the provisions of this Assurance shall not be deemed a waiver 
of any of the provisions hereof, and the OAG, notwithstanding that failure, shall 
have the right thereafter to insist upon the strict performance of any and all 
provisions of this Assurance to be performed by Respondent. 
Subsequent Proceedings 
41. Respondent expressly agrees and acknowledges that in the event the 
OAG i
nitiates a subsequent investigation, civil action, or proceeding to enforce this 
Assurance, for a default of the Assurance as provided in Paragraph 38, or if the 
Assurance is voided as provided in Paragraph 34: 
a. any statute of limitations or other time-related defenses are tolled from 
and after the 
Effective Date of this Assurance and until the date on 
which the Assurance is voided; 
12 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
b. the OAG may use statements, documents, or other materials produced 
or prov
ided by Respondent prior to or after the Effective Date except 
for settlement communications; 
c. any civil action or proceeding will be adjudicated by the courts of the 
State of 
New York, and that Respondent irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives any objection based upon personal jurisdiction, 
inconvenient forum, or venue; and 
d. evidence of a violation of this Assurance shall constitute prima facie 
proof of 
a violation of the applicable law pursuant to Executive Law 
§63(15). 
42. If a court o f competent jurisdiction determines that Respondent has 
violated the Assurance, Respondent shall pay to the OAG the reasonable cost, if any, 
of obtaining such determination and of enforcing this Assurance, including without 
limitation legal fees, expenses, and court costs. 
Tolling Agreement 
43. The Parties agree that the Parties’ agreement tolling the statute of 
limitat
ions dated February 24, 2023, as subsequently extended by the Parties was 
extended until the Effective Date. 
General Principles 
44. Unless a term limit for compliance is otherwise specified within this 
Assuranc
e, Respondent’s obligations under this Assurance are enduring. Nothing in 
13 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
this Assurance shall relieve Respondent of any obligations imposed by any 
applicable city, state, or federal law or regulation or other applicable law.  To the 
extent that any applicable law exceeds the requirements in this agreement, the more 
stringent law controls. 
45. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit the remedies 
available to the OAG in the event that Respondent violates the Assurance or if this 
Assurance if voided after its Effective Date. 
46. Nothing 
 in this Assurance shall be construed to waive or limit any 
private rights, causes of action, or remedies. 
47. This Assurance may not be amended except by an instrument in writing 
signed on
 behalf of the parties to this Assurance. 
48. In the ev ent that any one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Assurance shall for any reason be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, in the sole discretion of the OAG, 
such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of 
this Assurance. 
49. Responden
 t acknowledges that it has entered this Assurance freely and 
voluntarily and upon due deliberation with the advice of counsel. 
50. This Assurance shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York 
without 
regard to any conflict of laws principles. 
14 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665 
51.  This 
Assurance shall not be interpreted in favor or against either Party 
on account of such Party’s counsel having drafted this Assurance.
52. The effective date of this Assurance shall be February 24, 2025 
(referred to herein as the "Effective Date"). 
53. Al
l notices, reports, requests, and other communications to any party 
pursuant to this Assurance shall be in writing and shall be directed as follows:
The OAG: 
Lawren
ce J. Reina  
New York State Office of the Attorney General 
Assistant Attorney General, Labor Bureau 
28 Liberty Street, 15th Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
(212)416-6383  
or Lawrence.Reina @ag.ny.gov 
DoorDash, Inc.: 
Kate Ides 
DoorDash , Inc. 
901 Market Street 6th Floor 
San Francisco , CA 94103 
With a copy to: 
Ashlie
 Beringer 
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP 
310 University Avenue 
Palo Alto, CA 94301 
(650) 849-5327  
ABeringer @gibsondunn .com 
Suzanne Jaffe Bloom 
15 
53. All notices , rep01ts, requests , and other communications to any pa1ty 
pursuant to this Assurance shall be in writing and shall be directed as follows: 
Ashlie Beringer 
Gibson, Dunn & C1utcher LLP 
310 University Avenue 
Palo Alto, CA 94301 
(650) 849-5327 
Lawrence J. Reina 
New York State Office of the Att01ney General 
Assistant Att01ney General, Labor Bureau 
28 Libe1ty Street, 15th Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
(212) 416-6383 
51. This Assurance shall not be inte1preted in favor or against either Pa1ty 
on account of such Party's counsel having drafted this Assurance . 
Winston & Strawn LLP 
200 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10166 
(212) 294-4604 
SBloom@winston.com 
54. Any cha
 nges in the person to whom communications should be 
specifically directed shall be made in writing in advance of the change. 
55. This Assurance may be electronically signed, and any electronic 
signatu
res are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, 
enforceability, and admissibility. 
56. This Ass urance may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and 
the same agreement. 
16 
Docusign Envelope ID: D8044AB7-6E3C-4518-B0DE-F62FDCEE5665
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Assurance is executed by the parties hereto as of 
February 24, 2025. 
LETITIA JAMES 
ATTOR
NEY GENERAL 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
Lawrence J. Reina  
Assistant Attorney General  
Office of the New York Attorney General  
Labor Bureau  
D O O R D A S H  IN C . 
Docu Signed by: 
DA803C692E1945F 
Tia Sherringham 
Gener
al Counsel of DoorDash, Inc. 
GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP  
By: 
Natalie Hausknecht 
1801 California Street 
Denver, CO 80202 
NHausknecht@gibsondunn.com 
Ashlie Beringer 
ABeringer@gibsondunn.com 
Gustav W. Eyler 
GEyler@gibsondunn.com  
WINSTON & STRAWN LLP  
By: 
Suzanne Jaffe Bloom 
200 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10166 
SBloom@winston.com  
