2005 | We have continued to try to contain and reduce 1 /ATR 2005 Form 10-K Table of Contents costs where possible and have implemented selected price increases in recent years.
2005 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2005 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2005 | Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2005 | Pricing pressure continues to be strong in all the markets we serve, particularly in the low-end of the fragrance/cosmetic market and for certain of our dispensing closures.
2005 | Due to normal delays in the timing of when these raw material price increases are passed on to customers, our margins were negatively affected.
2006 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2006 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2006 | Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2006 | While the majority of the plastic resin raw material price increase has been passed on to customers in the form of selling price increases, the net effect is a reduction in the margin percentage.
2006 | In 2005, pricing pressure continued to be strong in all the markets we served, particularly in the low-end of the fragrance/cosmetic market and for certain of our dispensing closures.
2006 | Due to normal delays in the timing of when these raw material price increases are passed on to customers, our margins were negatively affected.
2007 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2007 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2007 | Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2007 | While the majority of the plastic resin raw material price increase has been passed on to customers through price increases, the net effect is a reduction in the margin percentage.
2007 | While the majority of the plastic resin raw material price increase has been passed on to customers in the form of selling price increases, the net effect was a reduction in the margin percentage.
2007 | Price increases, primarily related to resin price pass throughs and the success of our SimpliSqueeze product, were the primary reasons for the remainder of the sales growth.
2008 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2008 | 7 /ATR 2008 Form 10-K Table of Contents Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2008 | Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2008 | Sales price increases were primarily pass-throughs of the raw material cost increases we incurred during the year.
2008 | While we attempt to pass these rising input costs along in our selling prices we experience a lag in the timing of passing on these cost increases.
2008 | While the majority of the plastic resin raw material price increase has been passed on to customers through price increases, the net effect is a reduction in the margin percentage.
2009 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2009 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2009 | Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2009 | The competitive pricing environment, faced particularly by our Beauty & Home and Closures segments, remained challenging throughout the year.
2009 | Pricing was also negatively impacted primarily due to lower resin pass-through to customers.
2009 | Sales price increases were primarily pass-throughs of the raw material cost increases we incurred during the year.
2010 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2010 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2010 | Raw material costs are expected to increase in the coming years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2010 | Resin prices declined in 2009 resulting in lower selling prices to our customer.
2010 | While the majority of these cost increases are passed along to our customers in higher selling prices, we experienced the usual lag in passing on these cost increases.
2010 | While the majority of these input costs decreases are passed along to our customers in our selling prices, we experienced the usual lag in passing on these cost decreases.
2011 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions.
2011 | Higher raw material costs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2011 | Raw material costs are expected to increase in the coming years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2011 | While the majority of resin cost increases are passed along to our customers in our selling prices, we typically experience a lag in the timing of passing on these cost increases.
2011 | While the majority of these cost increases are passed along to our customers in higher selling prices, we experienced the usual lag in passing on these cost increases.
2011 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management's own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2012 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2012 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2012 | Raw material costs are expected to increase in the coming years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2012 | While the majority of resin cost increases are passed along to our customers in our selling prices, we typically experience a lag in the timing of passing on these cost increases.
2012 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management's own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2013 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2013 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2013 | Raw material costs may increase in the coming years and we have generally been able to increase selling prices to cover increased costs.
2013 | While the majority of resin cost increases are passed along to our customers in our selling prices, we typically experience a lag in the timing of passing on these cost increases.
2013 | We also increased second half injectables sales during 2013 compared to 2012 due to strong volumes and selective pricing increases.
2013 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management's own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2014 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2014 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2014 | We also increased second half injectables sales during 2013 compared to 2012 due to strong volumes and selective pricing increases.
2014 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management's own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2015 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2015 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2015 | Decreases in selling prices due to contractual resin cost pass-throughs to our customers negatively impacted sales by $9.1 million.
2015 | · Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2016 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and increasing selling prices over time, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2016 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2016 | Decreases in selling prices due to contractual resin cost pass-throughs to our customers negatively impacted sales by $9.1 million.
2016 | · Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2017 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2017 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2017 | Increased product and tooling sales more than offset price concessions to customers to secure long-term agreements.
2017 | · Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2018 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2018 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2018 | While the majority of our material cost increases can be passed along to our customers in our selling prices, we experience a lag in the timing of passing on these cost increases.
2018 | In total, price increases of $7.4 million offset $5.4 million of lower tooling sales for 2018 compared to 2017.
2018 | This decrease is mainly due to significant material cost increases along with lower profit on our tooling projects and some price concessions to secure long-term supply contracts.
2019 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2019 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2019 | If LIBOR rates are no longer available, any successor or replacement interest rates may perform differently, which may affect our net interest expense, change our market risk profile and require changes to our risk, pricing and hedging strategies.
2019 | For a contract that has more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total contract consideration to each distinct performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
2019 | In addition, we have elected not to disclose the expected consideration related to performance obligations where we recognize revenue in the amount it has a right to invoice (e.g., usage-based pricing terms).
2020 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2020 | Higher raw material costs and other inputs and an inability to increase our selling prices may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
2020 | If LIBOR rates are no longer available, any successor or replacement interest rates may perform differently, which may affect our net interest expense, change our market risk profile and require changes to our risk, pricing and hedging strategies.
2020 | These expenses were partially offset by a gain of approximately $3.1 million due to an observable price increase which determines the account value on our minority investment in PureCycle.
2020 | Core sales of our products to the injectables markets grew 22% on price increases and higher COVID-19 related demand for primary components used with injected medicines such as existing seasonal flu vaccines and other injected medications related to higher levels of hospitalization.
2021 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2021 | dollar LIBOR, which may affect our net interest expense, change our market risk profile and require changes to our risk, pricing and hedging strategies.
2021 | Price increases to our customers due to rising inflationary costs had a strong impact on our core sales during 2021.
2021 | Of our 7% core sales increase, approximately 4% is due to price adjustments related to the passing through of higher resin and other input costs.
2022 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2022 | dollar LIBOR, which may affect our net interest expense, change our market risk profile and require changes to our risk, pricing and hedging strategies.
2022 | Approximately half of our core sales increase is due to volume growth as many regions experienced post-pandemic re-openings during 2022, while the remaining half of this increase is due to price adjustments related to the passing through of the inflationary impacts of higher resin and other input costs.
2022 | Price increases to our customers due to rising inflationary costs had a strong impact on our core sales during 2022.
2023 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2023 | For a contract that has more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total contract consideration to each distinct performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
2023 | In addition, we have elected not to disclose the expected consideration related to performance obligations where we recognize revenue in the amount it has a right to invoice (e.g., usage-based pricing terms).
2023 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2024 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2024 | For a contract that has more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total contract consideration to each distinct performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
2024 | In addition, we have elected not to disclose the expected consideration related to performance obligations where we recognize revenue in the amount it has a right to invoice (e.g., usage-based pricing terms).
2024 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
2025 | We attempt to offset cost increases through improving productivity and developing new, higher margin solutions and increasing selling prices, as allowed by market conditions or contractual commitments.
2025 | Strong volume growth and royalty increases more than compensated for lower tooling sales and pricing adjustments to secure longer-term contracts.
2025 | For a contract that has more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total contract consideration to each distinct performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
2025 | In addition, we have elected not to disclose the expected consideration related to performance obligations where we recognize revenue in the amount it has a right to invoice (e.g., usage-based pricing terms).
2025 | • Level 3: Unobservable inputs reflecting management’s own assumptions about the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability.
