ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information included in this report and our other public filings and releases, the following factors should be considered when evaluating our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects: We have been in a multi-year period of managing inflation and economic uncertainty For approximately 4 years, the economy has been facing inflationary pressures which resulted in a few challenges for our business, most notably in the form of a tight labor market where job candidates have considerable bargaining power which has driven wages up. Additionally, we are experiencing higher labor and benefit related costs to retain our existing personnel. We believe we will continue to see significant pressure on our labor and benefit related costs which impacts both our gross margins and net income. We also continue to monitor for weakened demand in our professional services business segment due to significant customer concentration. Economic uncertainty could continue to put pressure on our customers’ timing of approval for consulting projects to move forward. Currently, it is difficult to estimate the financial impact to this revenue stream, if any. We actively market our sustainability solutions and services to new types of customers. We believe the growing awareness of environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters creates a key opportunity for us because we have the expertise and technology needed to help companies achieve ESG objectives within the food supply chain by specifically focusing on climate, land stewardship and sustainability metrics. Unfavorable global economic conditions, including any adverse macroeconomic conditions or geopolitical events, including the conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and the conflict between Israel and Hamas could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. Global economic and business activities continue to face widespread uncertainties, and global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rising inflation and monetary supply shifts, rising interest rates, labor shortages, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, recession risks, and uncertainty about economic and geopolitical stability. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, or additional global financial or political crises, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and/or services or our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. The extent of the impact of these conditions on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected timeframe, will depend on future developments which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. 10 | We face risks due to changing weather patterns and other environmental factors Over the past several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions have added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters, such as drought, hailstorms, wildfires and wind, snow and ice storms. Any such extreme weather condition can negatively impact a significant portion of our customers who produce food (including all major species of animal-based protein or edible plant variety) in various regions. For example, the drought conditions that impacted nearly one-half of the United States in the first half of 2022 predominately affected our ranch customers resulting in fewer cattle subject to verification. In the nation’s top 10 beef-producing states — responsible for nearly 60% of the country’s beef production — half of the states reported the lowest number of cattle since 1995 as of the beginning of 2024, according to an Investigate Midwest analysis of the USDA’s data. Tight cattle supply affect s our audit-related revenue, product sales and other related supply chain fees due to smaller herd sizes and weakened demand for verified cattle. We cannot anticipate changes in weather patterns/conditions, and we cannot predict their impact on our customer’s operations if they were to occur. Additionally, the cattle industry is cyclical by nature based on factors impacting current and future supplies such as drought-induced feedlot placements, higher cow and heifer slaughter, and lower auction receipts. The production lags inherent to this industry lead to long-lasting impacts of production decisions. For example, increased liquidation implies tighter supplies for next year. Similarly, times of herd expansion are typically a multi-year period. Historically, these cycles typically lasted approximately 10 years. The beginning of 2025 marks the eleventh year of the current cycle that began in 2014. We are currently in the contraction phase of the cycle after peaking in 2018-2019. How long we will continue to contract will be directly impacted by drought and pasture conditions. If the operating results of our customers are impaired, the financial resources of our customers may limit purchases of our verification solutions and consulting services. Therefore, our ability to generate revenue is subject to the risks and uncertainties relating to the financial condition of our customers. We operate in a competitive industry with a limited market characterized by changing technology, frequent introductions of new service offerings, service enhancements, and evolving industry standards. We compete with many other vendors of products and services designed for tracking cattle and other livestock, for herd management, for crop production practices and other verification of marketing claims over processed foods. Our competitors range from small start-up companies to multi-national firms. Our competitors may have significantly more financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Competition is likely to intensify as current competitors expand their service offerings and as new companies enter the market. Additionally, competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances, and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our business. Increasing competition may result in reduced margins and the loss of market share. Our competitors may offer broader service offerings or technologies that are more commercially attractive and gain greater market acceptance than our current or future products. Additionally, new technology may render our products and services obsolete. The success of our business model depends on the broad acceptance of our technologies into markets that are continuing to develop as a result of the increasing focus on sustainably produced foods, food safety and assurance. We are currently benefiting from a slow but growing movement among the agriculture, livestock and food industries to source and/or age verify products, and bundle with other marketing claims such as upcycling food ingredients to avoid food waste. This emerging trend is fueled in part by consumers’ focus on sustainable practices, food safety and assurance. However, we can offer no assurances that there will be market acceptance of our technologies. Furthermore, some of our primary target segments within the agriculture, livestock and food industries are experiencing unpredictable economic conditions and are expected to continue to struggle with supply, trade and profitability issues in the near term. Although we believe that our products, if adopted on a wide-scale basis, would have a significant impact on diverting food waste, and improving the safety, quality and confidence in the world’s food supply, our customers for these products historically have been very sensitive to costs and reluctant to adopt new technologies and business practices. 11 | We face risks of rapidly changing regulations which may negatively impact our programs. Regulations and standards are continually evolving and present a challenging risk. For example: ● | In January 2013, the Japanese government announced a change to its import requirements on U.S. beef. Because the change enabled a significant increase in the amount of product qualifying for export to Japan, it negatively impacted the premiums typically seen in the marketplace for source and age verified cattle. | ● | In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a pandemic which negatively impacted certain aspects of our business due to government-mandated closures and social distancing measures. | ● | In 2025, regulatory and market conditions in the U.S. beef sector created strong headwinds for third-party verification and certification programs. Trade and tariff uncertainty in key export markets like China impacted demand. While at the same time, this administration has been faced with serious animal health disruptions such as the New World Screwworm detection in Mexico. As a result, it closed our border with Mexico, where we import a significant number of cattle, resulting in the further tightening of an already constrained cattle supply based on our low head counts in the US. The restricted supply resulted in record cattle prices and reducing incentives for producers, feeders, and packers to enroll in third-party programs. At the same time, evolving and uncertain export requirements and demand—including the EU Deforestation Regulation—introduced ambiguity around future documentation and traceability expectations without providing clear near-term market signals to prompt supply chain engagement. | Due to our commitment to innovation, diversification of our product offerings, and our strategy of managing profitability, we believe we can quickly minimize the impact of any adverse changes in regulations or verification standards. While we attempt to mitigate these risks, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in overcoming the potential negative impact on the results of our operations. Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to the Company’s ESG practices may result in additional costs or risks. Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. We take social responsibility very seriously. It’s the entire reason we spend day in and day out helping farmers, ranchers and brands around the world provide transparency to their consumers by communicating authentic, sustainable and traceable stories that directly impact our future. However, if our ESG practices do not meet investor or other industry stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, we may incur additional costs. Also, our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees and business may be harmed. We face risks that parasites, highly contagious diseases or viral outbreaks may negatively impact the source of product we are able to verify and/or impact the efficiency in which we conduct ongoing business operations. Today, parasites, infectious disease and viral outbreaks appear to be emerging more quickly than ever, in both human and animals. For example, Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus (“PEDv”) negatively impacted the pork/sow industry in 2014 and Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza, more commonly known as Bird Flu, impacted poultry operations in 2016 and continues to impact poultry operations today. In 2024, other species such as dairy cattle were infected with an adaptation of the Bird Flu virus. In March 2020, the Global Health Organization declared the outbreak of the Corona Virus as a pandemic in human populations. More recently, the New World Screwworm has been detected in Mexico near the Texas border, raising concerns for US livestock. Parasites, contagious diseases or viral outbreaks create increased bio-exclusion and social distancing considerations in our business. 12 | These diseases and viral outbreaks frequently impact our business resulting in some customers requesting postponement of onsite visits. We work closely with our customers and standard setting bodies to identify innovative solutions and reschedule onsite visits as timely as possible. We also closely monitor the situation and react accordingly to any future restrictions or limitations, while keeping the interests of our customers, employees, and business operations in mind. We have created innovative solutions that mitigate the risk of transferring disease but due to uncertainty in the severity and duration of various diseases and viral outbreaks, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in overcoming the impact on our business operations, employees, customers, and suppliers which could negatively impact our business revenues, profitability and financial condition. In the event that market demand for third-party verified products declines, our customers may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to justify the purchase of our verification solutions and consulting services. Public attitudes towards food production practices may be influenced by claims that these products are unsafe for consumption or pose unknown health risks. For example, decreased demand for beef and other livestock products could have a material adverse effect on the operating results and financial condition of our existing or prospective customers. If operating results of our customers are impaired, the resources that our customers can devote to building information systems for tracking cattle and other livestock and herd management are reduced, which in turn may limit purchases of our verification solutions and consulting services. Therefore, our ability to generate revenue is subject to the risks and uncertainties relating to the financial condition of our customers. We look for opportunities to expand our presence in international markets in which we may have limited experience, and inherently international operations are subject to increased risks which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We continually seek to expand our product and service offerings in international markets. As we expand into new international markets, we will have only limited experience in marketing and operating our products and services in such markets. In other instances, we may rely on the efforts and abilities of foreign business partners in such markets. Certain international markets may develop more slowly than domestic markets, and our operations in international markets may not develop at a rate that supports our level of investment. In addition to uncertainty about our ability to expand into international markets, there are certain risks inherent in doing business internationally, including, but not limited to: ● | trade barriers and changes in trade regulations; | ● | difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; | ● | differing local labor laws and regulations; | ● | longer payment cycles; | ● | currency exchange rate fluctuations; | ● | political or social unrest or economic instability; | ● | import or export restrictions; | ● | seasonal volatility in business activity; | ● | risks related to government regulation or required compliance with local laws in certain jurisdictions, including those more fully described above; and | ● | potentially adverse tax consequences. | One or more of these factors could harm our future international operations and consequently could harm our brand, business, operating results and financial condition. 13 | Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining our acquisitions and investments. We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as: ● | disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; | ● | problems retaining key personnel; | ● | additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; | ● | the potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including those that are a result of acquisitions; | ● | the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any integration of operations; | ● | the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; | ● | the difficulty of integrating a new company’s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and information security, human resource, and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; | ● | for investments in which an acquired company’s financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full or in part, the dependence on such company’s accounting, financial reporting, and similar systems, controls, and processes; | ● | the difficulty of implementing controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a public company on our acquired companies; and | ● | potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest. | As a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly given the current global economic climate. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could adversely impact our financial results. Federal, state or local laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could increase our expenses and expose us to legal risks. We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations imposed by federal, state and local authorities such as sales tax, intellectual property infringement, zoning and occupancy matters. In addition, various federal and state laws govern our relationship with, and other matters pertaining to, our employees, including wage and hour laws, laws governing independent contractor classifications, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. We believe that we have complied with these laws and regulations; however, there is a risk that we will become subject to claims that allege we have failed to do so. Any claim that alleges a failure by us to comply with any of the foregoing laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties, injunctions, litigation and/or potential criminal violations, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. Any changes to the foregoing laws or regulations or any new laws or regulations that are passed or go into effect may make it more difficult for us to operate our business and in turn adversely affect our operating results. We may also be subject to audits by various taxing authorities. Similarly, changes in tax laws in any of the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, or adverse outcomes from tax audits that we may be subject to in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in an unfavorable change in our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 14 | Our future success depends upon our ability to obtain and enforce patents; prevent others from infringing on our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights; and operate without infringing upon the patents and proprietary rights of others. We will be able to protect our intellectual property (“IP”) from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that it is covered by valid and enforceable patents and trademarks. IP protection generally involves complex legal and factual issues and, therefore, the enforceability of IP rights cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In the event that IP owned by us does not provide adequate protection, we may not be able to prevent competitors from offering substantially similar products and services. In the event that third parties claim that our current or future products or services infringe upon their intellectual property, we may face litigation and be prevented from selling the products and services at issue. Infringement or other claims could be asserted or prosecuted against us in the future, and it is possible that past or future assertions or prosecutions could harm our business. Litigation either in defense of our IP rights or in response to infringement claims made by others may be both expensive and time consuming, which in turn would adversely affect our business. A significant data breach or information technology system disruption could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, malicious employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, human errors or catastrophic events. Hackers, foreign governments, cyber-terrorists and cyber-criminals, acting individually or in coordinated groups, may launch distributed denial of service attacks or other coordinated attacks that may cause service outages, gain inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other interruptions in our business. Such attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, levels of sophistication and intensity. In addition, breaches in security could expose us and our customers, or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. Like many other companies, we experience attempted cybersecurity actions on a periodic basis, and the frequency of such attempts could increase in the future. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or quickly identify service interruptions or security breaches. The techniques used by cybercriminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources. We cannot assure that our data protection efforts and our investment in information technology will prevent significant breakdowns, data leakages or breaches in our systems or those of our third-party services providers or partners. We also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. Like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and cyber-attacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. Security processes, protocols and standards that we have implemented and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we may have sought to impose on such third parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events, which could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, or misuse of, information or systems that are important to our business, including proprietary information, sensitive or confidential data, and other information about our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information. 15 | Any of these events that impact our information technology networks or systems, or those of acquired businesses, customers, service providers or other third parties, could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation and potential liability for the Company. Among other consequences, our customers’ confidence in our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations could be impacted, further disrupting our operations. Similarly, an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. There is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful. Our future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key senior management personnel, in particular, John and Leann Saunders. Both John and Leann Saunders’ reputation and prominence in the field provide us with a strong competitive advantage. While they are currently bound by employment agreements, we can offer no assurance that John and/or Leann Saunders will be able to continue to work for us in the event of an unforeseen accident, severe injury or major disease, or on a long-term basis. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities beneficially own or control a significant amount of our outstanding common stock and together meaningfully influence our activities. As of February 18, 2026, John Saunders, our Chairman and CEO, and Leann Saunders, our President, beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 34.5% of our common stock. The Saunders, together with the rest of our Board, beneficially own approximately 53.5% of our common stock. These directors and officers, if they determine to vote in the same manner, would have a significant impact on the outcome of any matter requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions or terms of any liquidation. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that may be favored by other shareholders. This could prevent transactions in which shareholders might otherwise recover a premium for their shares over current market prices. We have not paid any regular cash dividends. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since 2021. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. In the absence of regular dividends, investors will only see a return on their investment if the value of our common stock appreciates. 16 | Future sales of our securities in the public or private markets could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to continue to raise funds in new stock offerings. We have historically used common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into common stock in order to finance our future growth plans. Future sales of substantial amounts of our securities in the public or private markets would dilute our existing shareholders and could adversely affect the trading prices of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of securities. Alternatively, we may rely on debt financing and assume debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and principal payments that could adversely affect our business and future growth potential. Our common stock has traded in low volumes. We cannot predict whether an active trading market for our common stock will ever develop. Historically, our common stock has experienced a lack of trading liquidity. In the absence of an active trading market: ● | an investor may have difficulty buying and selling our common stock at all or at the price one considers reasonable; and | ● | market visibility for shares of our common stock may be limited, which may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of our common stock and on our ability to raise capital or make acquisitions by issuing our common stock. | Price and volume volatility of our publicly traded securities could adversely affect investors’ portfolios. In recent months and years, the securities markets in the United States have experienced high levels of price and volume volatility, and the market prices of securities of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to the operating performance or prospects of such companies. It is likely that continual fluctuations in market and share prices will occur. Our shares of common stock trade on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The price of our common stock has been subject to price and volume volatility in the past and will likely continue to be subject to such volatility in the future. As a public company, we are subject to complex legal and accounting requirements that require us to incur substantial expenses, and our financial controls and procedures may not be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which, as a public company, could materially harm our stock price and listing on the NASDAQ marketplace. As a public company, we are subject to numerous legal, accounting and NASDAQ listing requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost of compliance with many of these requirements is substantial, not only in absolute terms but, more importantly, in relation to the overall scope of the operations of a small company. Failure to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, our inability to file required periodic reports on a timely basis, loss of market confidence, delisting of our securities and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial competitive disadvantage as compared with privately held and larger public competitors. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”) requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must create internal controls and strategies to ensure those controls are effective at producing accurate financial reports. However, for as long as we are a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management’s assessment might not. Our compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requires that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns. 17 | The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may in the future be limited by a variety of factors, including: ● | faulty human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes; | ● | fraudulent action of an individual or collusion of two or more people; | ● | inappropriate management override of procedures; and | ● | the possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial information. | If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, we may need to restate our financial statements and incur remediation expenses. In addition, we may be subject to delisting, investigations by the SEC and civil or criminal sanctions. 
