 
 EX-99.1
 2
 tm2624125d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1
 Exhibit 99.1 
 Rivian Announces CFO Transition Plan 
 | ● | Claire McDonough to step down on October 30, 2026 after nearly six years of financial and strategic leadership | 
 | 
 | ● | Derek Mulvey expected to be appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer as search for permanent successor is underway | 
 IRVINE, Calif. — August 27, 2026 — Rivian Automotive,
Inc. (NASDAQ: RIVN) today announced that Chief Financial Officer Claire McDonough has decided to step down from her role to pursue a new
opportunity and relocate to the East Coast to be closer to her family.
 McDonough will remain in her role as CFO over the next two months to
ensure a seamless and thorough transition. During this period, she will work closely with CEO RJ Scaringe and the executive leadership
team to transition key strategic initiatives. Her final day with Rivian will be October 30, 2026.
 Rivian has a comprehensive executive search process underway, evaluating
both internal and external candidates, to identify the company’s next Chief Financial Officer. To maintain operational continuity,
Derek Mulvey, Vice President of Finance, is expected to be appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective upon McDonough's departure.
Mulvey joined Rivian in 2021 and has worked closely with Scaringe and McDonough on the company’s financial planning, strategic partnerships,
capital allocation and investor relations. He has been instrumental in Rivian’s strategy and execution and will enable a seamless
transition. Prior to his tenure at Rivian, Mulvey was Vice President at J. P. Morgan.
 Since joining Rivian in January 2021, McDonough played a central role
in constructing Rivian’s financial foundation and navigating its growth as a public company. Under her leadership, Rivian successfully
executed its historic $13.7 billion initial public offering in November 2021, one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history, securing the capital
required to scale initial manufacturing operations at its Normal, Illinois facility. Throughout her tenure, McDonough and her team have
built robust capital management frameworks across major growth cycles, driven cost-reduction initiatives essential to achieving long-term
gross margin targets, and helped structure key strategic partnerships.
 Rivian’s CEO RJ Scaringe said:
 “ Claire joined Rivian almost six years ago, and she’s
had a meaningful impact on our business and our teams during a transformative period of growth. From guiding us through our IPO to building
many of our financial operating frameworks, her strategic approach has helped strengthen our overall execution. Beyond her work on our
capital roadmap, Claire has been a trusted leader and partner across the organization. While she will be missed, I’m thrilled that
Derek is taking on the interim CFO role. Derek has worked incredibly closely with me, Claire and our leadership team for several years
and will enable a seamless transition.” 
 Rivian’s Chief Financial Officer Claire McDonough said:
 “ Serving as Rivian’s CFO alongside RJ and
this exceptional team has been the highlight of my career. I am tremendously proud of everything we have accomplished together—from
building and scaling the business with the launch of R1 and our commercial van to establishing the financial and operational foundation
that will propel the company through the ramp of R2 and beyond. As I step away for a new opportunity and to be closer to my family on
the East Coast, I do so with absolute confidence in Rivian’s trajectory, mission, and leadership team.” 
 Rivian’s strong executive leadership bench will work alongside
Mulvey to ensure a smooth transition and maintain execution across key strategic initiatives.
 About Rivian: 
 Rivian (NASDAQ: RIVN) is an American automotive technology
company that develops and builds category-defining electric vehicles as well as vertically integrated technologies and services. Through
innovation across its electrical architecture, end-to-end software, autonomous driving platform, artificial intelligence and propulsion,
the company creates vehicles that excel at work and play while accelerating the global transition to zero-emission transportation and
energy. Rivian vehicles are manufactured in the United States and are sold directly to consumer and commercial customers. Whether taking
families on new adventures or electrifying fleets at scale, Rivian vehicles all share a common goal — preserving the natural world
for generations to come.
 Contacts: 
 Investors: ir@rivian.com 
 Media: Harry Porter, media@rivian.com 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This press release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking
statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements contained in this press release that
do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation executive leadership
changes. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “targets,”
“projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “predicts,”
“potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking
statements use these words or expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections
about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking
statements in this press release are based upon information available to us as of the date of this press release, and while we believe
such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should
not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information.
These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. While we may elect to
update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause
our views to change. 
