                          APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
                                   NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

INITIAL APPLICATION                           ANNUAL CERTIFICATION

APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                      UPDATE OF REGISTRATION
OF CREDIT RATINGS                             Items and/or Exhibits Amended:

APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT                                                            _

Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:

                                           _  WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A. Your full name:

B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:

(ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
(other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):

C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

(Number and Street)                (City)     (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:

(Number and Street)                (City)     (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

(Name and Title)

(Number and Street)                (City)     (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

CERTIFICAT ION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                           2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

    (Date)                                             (Name of the Applicant/NRSRO)

By:                                                                                   (Print Name and Title)

                                 (Signature)

2. A. Your legal status:

    Corporation           Limited Liability Company       Partnership      Other (specify)

    B. Month and day of your fiscal year end:

    C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
       partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

    State/Country of formation:                           Date of formation:

3.  Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

    (Name)                                     (Address)

    (Name)                                     (Address)

    (Name)                                     (Address)

    (Name)                                     (Address)

    (Name)                                     (Address)

4.  The designated compliance officer of the Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

    (Name and Title)

    (Number and Street)                        (City)     (State/Country)                   (Postal Code)

5.  Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made

    publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the

    Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the Applicant/NRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the Applicant/NRSRO has an outstanding credit rating and the
         approximate date the Applicant/NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                         3
                   Class of credit ratings         Applying for    Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   registration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                     outstanding
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term
is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange
Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of

the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and
foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
     accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See
     Instructions):

The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching                      certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this

application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional
buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1)(D) of the Exchange Act.

Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
"Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                   4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                     Class of credit rating         Currently       Approximate                  Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding                    issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                    as of the most                   commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in                     year end
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is
defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act
(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government
securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 7A readily accessible
     for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
(See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
this Form publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                         5
                                                                                                       YES  NO

A. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO committed or omitted
   any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),
   or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any
   offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been
   enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the
   Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO been convicted of any

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent
crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial
application of the Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the Applicant/NRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

 Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.
        Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.
         Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
 information.

        Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.
        Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.
        Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.
        Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.
        Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                                         6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst
supervisors.

       Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.
       Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

       Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

       Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

       Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.
       Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                        7
                  2026 Form NRSRO
                                  Item 3

Credit Rating Affiliates1

Fitch Australia PTY LTD.2                       Fitch Ratings Brasil Ltda.
Suite 15.01, Level 15                           Av. Barão de Tefé, 27 ­ Sala 601
135 King Street                                 Saúde - Rio de Janeiro ­ Brasil - CEP: 20.220-460
Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
                                                Fitch Ratings Canada, Inc.
Fitch Ratings (Beijing) Ltd                     22 Adelaide Street West
Unit 02-2 & 03, 10/F, Fortune Financial Center  Suite 2810
5 Dongsanhuanzhong Road                         Toronto, ON M5H 4E3, Canada
Chaoyang District
Beijing 100020, China                           Fitch (Hong Kong) Limited
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited3                  19/F Man Yee Building
88 Harcourt Street                              68 Des Voeux Road Central
Dublin 2 D02 DK18 Ireland                       Hong Kong

Fitch Ratings Japan Limited                     Fitch México S.A. de C.V.
9F, Suites 904 and 905, Yaesu Daibiru           Blvd Manuel Avila Camacho #36 Floor 23
1-1-1 Kyobashi, Chuo-ku                         Edificio Esmeralda II
Tokyo 104-0031 Japan                            Col. Lomas de Chapultepec, Alcaldia Miguel
                                                Hidalgo C.P. 11000
Fitch Ratings Singapore Pte Ltd                 Mexico City, Mexico
1 Wallich Street                                Fitch Ratings Ltd4
#19-01 Guoco Tower                              30 North Colonnade, Canary Wharf
Singapore 078881                                London E14 5GN,
                                                United Kingdom

      1 Employees of other credit rating affiliates of Fitch Ratings, Inc. not listed on this Item 3 may participate in the determination of
        credit ratings issued by or on behalf of Fitch Ratings, Inc.

      2 Fitch Australia PTY, Limited is organized under the laws of Australia, and includes the branch offices of this affiliate in
        Taiwan, Saudi Arabia and Korea.

      3 Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is organized under the laws of Ireland, and includes the branch offices of this affiliate in France,
        Germany, Italy, Spain, Sweden and Poland.

      4 Fitch Ratings Ltd is organized under the laws of the United Kingdom, and includes the branch office of this affiliate in Dubai.

www.fitchratings.com
DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (NRSRO)

This Disclosure Reporting Page (DRP) is to be used to provide information concerning affirmative
responses to Item 8 of Form NRSRO.

Submit a separate DRP for each person that: (a) has committed or omitted any act, or been subject to an
order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified
in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (b) has been convicted of any crime that is
punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been convicted of a substantially equivalent crime by a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction; or (c) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the
right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO.

Name of Applicant/NRSRO                                        Date

Check Item being responded to:
      Item 8A
      Item 8B
      Item 8C

Full name of the person for whom this DRP is being submitted:

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8A, describe the act(s) that was (were)
committed or omitted; or the order(s) or finding(s); or the injunction(s) (provide the relevant statute(s) or
regulation(s)) and provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8B, describe the crime(s) and provide
jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8C, attach the relevant Commission
order(s) and provide the date(s):
                Disclosure Reporting Page Appendix

    On September 3, 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") found that Fitch Ratings,
    Inc. ("Fitch") failed to adhere to the recordkeeping requirements set forth in Section 17(a) of the
    Exchange Act and Rule 17g-2(b)(7) thereunder. It ordered that Fitch be censured, cease and desist
    from any future violations of Section 17(a) and Rule 17g-2(b)(7), and pay a civil monetary penalty in
    the amount of $8,000,000.

www.fitchratings.com
DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (NRSRO)

This Disclosure Reporting Page (DRP) is to be used to provide information concerning affirmative
responses to Item 8 of Form NRSRO.

Submit a separate DRP for each person that: (a) has committed or omitted any act, or been subject to an
order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified
in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (b) has been convicted of any crime that is
punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been convicted of a substantially equivalent crime by a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction; or (c) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the
right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO.

Name of Applicant/NRSRO      Date

Fitch Ratings, Inc.      3/2 /2026

Check Item being responded to:
      Item 8A
      Item 8B
      Item 8C

Full name of the person for whom this DRP is being submitted:

If this DRP provides information relating to a Yes answer to Item 8A, describe the act(s) that was (were)
committed or omitted; or the order(s) or finding(s); or the injunction(s) (provide the relevant statute(s) or
regulation(s)) and provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

If this DRP provides information relating to a Yes answer to Item 8B, describe the crime(s) and provide
jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

If this DRP provides information relating to a Yes answer to Item 8C, attach the relevant Commission
order(s) and provide the date(s):
                                       2026 Form NRSRO
                                List of Material Changes

        Material changes made during 2025 and through the date of filing this annual certification include:
        updating the organization charts in Exhibit 4 to indicate the realignment of the Analytical and Operations
        groups.

www.fitchratings.com
