FORM NRSRO               OMB APPROVAL
                  OMB Number: 3235-0625

                  Expires: 'HF 20

                  Estimated average burden
                  hours per response: 36

APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL
RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

SEC 1541 (1-)  Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this
               form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid
               OMB control number.

               1
                     APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A

                                   NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

 INITIAL APPLICATION                                   ANNUAL CERTIFICATION
 APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                              UPDATE OF REGISTRATION

    OF CREDIT RATINGS                                 Items and/or Exhibits Amended:
                                                                                                         _
 APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT

Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:                    WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION
                                                   _

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A. Your full name:

         Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC

B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:

  KBRA and/or Kroll Bond Rating Agency

(ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
(other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):

N/A

C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

805 Third Avenue      New York                        NY/US            10022

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)   (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:

N/A

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

Mark Levin                                            Head of North American Compliance

(Name and Title)

805 Third Avenue                   New York           NY/US            10022

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

CERTIFICATION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                             2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

3/27/2026                                     Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC

    (Date)                                             (Name of the Applicant/NRSRO)

          V-DPHV1DGOHU                                   James Nadler, President & CEO
By:
                                                                                               (Print Name and Title)
                                 (Signature)

2. A. Your legal status:

        Corporation  Limited Liability Company                            Other (specify)
                                                         Partnership

    B. Month and day of your fiscal year end: 12/31

    C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
       partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

    State/Country of formation: DE/US                    Date of formation: 2/28/84

3.  Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

     Kroll Bond Rating Agency Europe Limited  2nd Floor, One George's Quay Plaza, George's Quay, Dublin 2 D02E440, Ireland
    (Name)                                    (Address)

     Kroll Bond Rating Agency UK Limited      1 Connaught Place, Second Floor London, England W2 2ET

    (Name)                                    (Address)

    (Name)                                    (Address)

    (Name)                                    (Address)

    (Name)                                    (Address)

4.  The designated compliance officer of the Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

    Mark Levin                                           Head of North American Compliance

    (Name and Title)                          New York   NY/US                        10022

     805 Third Avenue

    (Number and Street)                       (City)     (State/Country)                     (Postal Code)

5.  Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made

    publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the

    Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

    Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 are publicly available, free of charge, on the Regulatory page of

    KBRA's website at www.kbra.com.

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the Applicant/NRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the Applicant/NRSRO has an outstanding credit rating and the
         approximate date the Applicant/NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                         3
                   Class of credit ratings         Applying for    Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   registration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                     outstanding
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in        
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers                                     

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term       
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term

is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange

Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities      
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of

the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and

foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
     accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See

Instructions):                                        certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this

       The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching

                   application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

              The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional

             buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1)(D) of the Exchange Act.

Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
"Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                   4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                     Class of credit rating         Currently       Approximate                  Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding                    issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                    as of the most                   commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in                     year end
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))                                                      2433                             1984

insurance companies as that term is defined in                  242                              1992
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(19))                                                     1544                             2009
                                                                                                 2003
corporate issuers                                               33427

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is

defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is               14409                            1989
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act

(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government

securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 7A readily accessible
     for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

     KBRA's published ratings are accessible, free of charge, at www.kbra.com.

8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
(See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
this Form publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                         5
                                                                                                       YES  NO

A. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO committed or omitted

any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),

or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any                
offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been

enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the

Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO been convicted of any

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section          
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent

crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial

application of the Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the Applicant/NRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or               
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

 Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.

 Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.

  Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
 information.

 Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.

 Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.

 Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.

 Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.

 Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                                         6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst
supervisors.

 Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.

 Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

 Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.

 Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                        7
                          KROLL BOND RATING AGENCY, LLC

                                List of Material Changes to Form NRSRO
                                 Pursuant to Form NRSRO Instruction F

Date                      Item  Material Changes Since Prior Annual Certification
July 31, 2025
                          Exhibit 4 KBRA updated Exhibit 4 to ref lect a change in organizational structure

October 3, 2025           Exhibit 4 KBRA updated Exhibit 4 to ref lect additional changes in organizational
                                          structure

March , 2026              Exhibit 7 KBRA updated Exhibit 7 to disclose a new Political Contributions Policy to
                                          address and manage conf licts of interest

List of Material Changes        1                                                  March , 2026
