FORM NRSRO                 0MB APPROVAL
                    0MB Number: 3235-0625

                    Expires: Dec. 31, 2026

                    Estimated average burden
                    hours per response: 36

APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL
RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

SEC 1541 (1-24)  Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this
                 form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid
                 0MB control number.

                 1
                          APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
                                    NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

 INITIAL APPLICATION                           I!! ANNUAL CERTIFICATION

 APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                       UPDATE OF REGISTRATION
    OF CREDIT RATINGS                              Items and/or Exhibits Amended:

 APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT
    Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:

                                                WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your'' mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A Your full name:

          A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc.

B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:

   AM Best and/or AM Best Rating Services

(ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
(other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):

 N/A

C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

Ambest Road                        Oldwick     New Jersey       08858

(Number and Street)                (City)      (State/Country)   (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:

N/A

(Number and Street)                (City)      (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

Edward H. Easop                    Senior Managing Director & Chief Compliance Officer

(Name and Title)                   Oldwick     New Jersey       08858

Ambest Road

(Number and Street)                (City)      (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

CERTIFICATION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                            2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

03/26/2026                                    A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc.

             (Date)                                                              (Name of the ApplicanVNRSRO)

By: /s/ James A Gillard                       James A. Gillard, President

                                 (Signature)                                                              (Print Name and Title)

2. A. Your legal status:

       l!J Corporation D Limited Liability Company D Partnership D Other (specify) _ _ _ _ _ __

    B. Month and day of your fiscal year end: _1_2_/_3_1_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

    C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
       partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

    State/Country of formation: Delaware                         Date of formation: _1_0_/_8_/_1_5_ _ _ __

3.  Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

     A.M. Best Europe-Rating Services Limited     12 Arthur Street, London, EC4R 9AB, United Kingdom
    (Name)                                        (Address)

     A.M. Best Asia-Pacific Limited               18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
    (Name)                                        (Address)

     A.M. Best America Latina, S.A. de C.V.       Paseo de la Reforma 412, Piso 23, Col Juarez, 06600 Mexico
    (Name)                                        (Address)
                                                  8 Cross Street, 21-03 Manulife Tower, Singapore 048424
     A.M. Best Asia-Pacific (Singapore) Pte. Ltd

    (Name)                                        (Address)

     A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V.          Gustav Mahlerlaan 1212, 1081 LA Amsterdam, Netherlands
    (Name)                                        (Address)

4.  The designated compliance officer of the ApplicanUNRSRO (See Instructions):

    Edward H. Easop                           Senior Managing Director & Chief Compliance Officer

    (Name and Title)                          Oldwick            New Jersey                                    08858

     Ambest Road                                         (City)  (State/Country)                               (Postal Code)

    (Number and Street)

5.  Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made

    publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the

    ApplicanUNRSRO (See Instructions):

    NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 are available at: http://www.ambest.com/nrsro/

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the ApplicanUNRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the ApplicanUNRSRO has an outstanding credit rating and the
         approximate date the ApplicanUNRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency'' in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                             3
                   Class of credit ratini:1s       Applying for      Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   rei:1istration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a}(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                       outstandini:1
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a}(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a}(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in        
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.       
78c(a)(19))                                           

corporate issuers

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term         
is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange
Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of

the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and
foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
     accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

      A.M. Best Rating Services' public credit ratings can be accessed free of charge at:

      http://www.ambest.com/

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See
     Instructions):

              D The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching ____certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this

                         application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

              D The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional

                         buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1 )(D) of the Exchange Act.

      Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
      Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
      1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
      "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
      Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                   4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                      Class of credit rating        Currently       Approximate                  Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding                     issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                    as of the most                   commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in                     vearend
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))                                          

insurance companies as that term is defined in      [l]         7,353                            December 1905
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.     [l]
78c(a)(19))                                         [l]         1,026                            February 1999
                                                                     6                            March 2003
corporate issuers

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is    
defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act
(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government
securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the dasses indicated in Item 7A readily accessible

     for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

      A.M. Best Rating Services' public credit ratings can be accessed free of charge at: http://www.ambest.com/

8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
(See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
this Form publidy available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17g-1 (i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                             5
A. Has the ApplicanUNRSRO or any person within the ApplicanUNRSRO committed or omitted                 YES   NO
   any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),    
   or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any                 
   offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been
   enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the
   ApplicanUNRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the ApplicanUNRSRO or any person within the ApplicanUNRSRO been convicted of any

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section          0
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent
crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial

application of the ApplicanUNRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the ApplicanUNRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or                12]]
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

 Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.

 ~ Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.

  ~ Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
 information .

 ~ Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.

 ~ Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.

 ~ Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.

 ~ Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.

 ~ Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                                               6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst             N/A
supervisors.                                                                                                       N/A
                                                                                                                  N/A
~ Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.                                                    N/A

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.

~ Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

D Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1 (i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

D Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

D Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.

D Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1 (i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

7
DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (NRSRO)

This Disclosure Reporting Page (DRP) is to be used to provide information concerning affirmative
responses to Item 8 of Form NRSRO.

Submit a separate DRP for each person that: (a) has committed or omitted any act, or been subject to an
order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(8) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified
in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (b) has been convicted of any crime that is
punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been convicted of a substantially equivalent crime by a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction; or (c) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the
right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO.

Name of Applicant/NRSRO            Date

AM Best Rating Services, Inc.  1/7/2025

Check Item being responded to:

l!I Item 8A

 Item 88
 Item 8C

Full name of the person for whom this DRP is being submitted:

 AM Best Rating Services, Inc.

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8A, describe the act(s) that was (were)
committed or omitted; or the order(s) or finding(s); or the injunction(s) (provide the relevant statute(s) or
regulation(s)) and provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

In SEC Release No. 100902, the Commission found that AM Best Rating Services, Inc. willfully violated
Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17g-2(b)(7) thereunder, which requires each NRSRO, for
a period of three years, to retain internal and external communications, including electronic
communications, received and sent by the NRSRO and its employees that relate to initiating, determining,
maintaining, monitoring, changing, or withdrawing a credit rating.

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 88, describe the crime(s) and
provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):
N/A

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8C, attach the relevant Commission
order(s) and provide the date(s):
N/A
