FORM NRSRO               OMB APPROVAL
                  OMB Number: 3235-0625

                  Expires: 'HF 20

                  Estimated average burden
                  hours per response: 36

APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL
RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

SEC 1541 (1-)  Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this
               form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid
               OMB control number.

               1
                     APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A

                                   NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

 INITIAL APPLICATION                                   ANNUAL CERTIFICATION
 APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                              UPDATE OF REGISTRATION

    OF CREDIT RATINGS                                 Items and/or Exhibits Amended:
                                                                                                         _
 APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT

Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:                    WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION
                                                   _

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A. Your full name:

          DBRS, Inc.

B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:

   DBRS

(ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
(other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):

 Morningstar DBRS Credit Ratings or Morningstar DBRS may be used in external communications.

C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

140 Broadway                       New York           NY               10005

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:

N/A

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

Detlef Scholz                                         President, DBRS, Inc.

(Name and Title)

140 Broadway, 43rd Fl. New York                       NY               10005

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

CERTIFICATION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                             2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

3/25/2026                 DBRS, Inc.

     (Date)                                             (Name of the Applicant/NRSRO)

By:          V'HWOHI6FKRO]                                  Detlef Scholz, President

             (Signature)                                                                             (Print Name and Title)

2. A. Your legal status:

          Corporation
                          Limited Liability Company     Partnership      Other (specify)

     B. Month and day of your fiscal year end: 12/31

     C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
        partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

     State/Country of formation: Delaware                   Date of formation: 8/21/03

3.   Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

     Item 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO

     (Name)                                (Address)

     (Name)                                (Address)

     (Name)                                (Address)

     (Name)                                (Address)

     (Name)                                (Address)

4.   The designated compliance officer of the Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

     Melissa Gentili                                    Regional Compliance Officer

     (Name and Title)

     140 Broadway, 43rd Fl. New York                    NY               10005

     (Number and Street)                  (City)        (State/Country)                   (Postal Code)

5.   Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made

     publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the

     Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

     This information is available free of charge for DBRS, Inc., DBRS Limited,

     DBRS Ratings Limited, DBRS Ratings GmbH, and DBRS Ratings Pty Limited

     at http://dbrs.morningstar.com/regulatory.

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the Applicant/NRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the Applicant/NRSRO has an outstanding credit rating and the
         approximate date the Applicant/NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                         3
                   Class of credit ratings         Applying for    Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   registration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                     outstanding
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in        
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers                                     

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term       
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term

is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange

Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities      
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of

the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and

foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
     accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See

Instructions):                                        certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this

       The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching

                   application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

              The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional

             buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1)(D) of the Exchange Act.

Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
"Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                   4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                     Class of credit rating         Currently       Approximate                  Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding                    issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                    as of the most                   commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in                     year end
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))                                                      10205                            1976

insurance companies as that term is defined in                   265                             1981
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
                                                                4256                             1976
78c(a)(19))                                                     50278                            1989

corporate issuers                                   

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is  
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is

defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is               8487                             1987
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act

(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government

securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 7A readily accessible
     for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

     Item 7(B) is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
(See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
this Form publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                         5
                                                                                                       YES  NO

A. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO committed or omitted

any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),

or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any                
offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been

enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the

Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO been convicted of any

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section          
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent

crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial

application of the Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the Applicant/NRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or               
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

 Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.

 Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.

  Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
 information.

 Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.

 Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.

 Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.

 Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.

 Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                                         6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst
supervisors.

 Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.

 Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

 Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.

 Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                        7
Credit Rating Ailiate     DBRS FORM NRSRO
DBRS Limited
DBRS Ratings Limited              ITEM 3

DBRS Ratings GmbH                       Address
DBRS Ratings Pty Limited                181 University Avenue
                                        Suite 600
                                        Toronto, ON M5H 3M7
                                        1 Oliver's Yard
                                        55-71 City Road
                                        London EC1Y 1HQ
                                        United Kingdom
                                        Neue Mainzer Straﬂe 75
                                        60311 Frankfurt am Main
                                        Germany
                                        International Tower 1, Level 3
                                        100 Barangaroo Avenue
                                        Barangaroo NSW 2000
                                        Australia
                                  DBRS FORM NRSRO

                                        ITEM 7(B)

With the exception of private ratings and ratings for certain private placement
transactions, DBRS, Inc. ("DBRS") distributes its ratings publicly at no cost through its
website, https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/.

These ratings are also publicly distributed through Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, First Call,
and other electronic and print service providers.
DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (NRSRO)

This Disclosure Reporting Page (DRP) is to be used to provide information concerning affirmative
responses to Item 8 of Form NRSRO.

Submit a separate DRP for each person that: (a) has committed or omitted any act, or been subject to an
order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified
in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (b) has been convicted of any crime that is
punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been convicted of a substantially equivalent crime by a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction; or (c) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the
right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO.

Name of Applicant/NRSRO      Date

DBRS, Inc.               3/25/2026

Check Item being responded to:

 Item 8A
 Item 8B
 Item 8C

Full name of the person for whom this DRP is being submitted:

 DBRS, Inc.

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8A, describe the act(s) that was (were)
committed or omitted; or the order(s) or finding(s); or the injunction(s) (provide the relevant statute(s) or
regulation(s)) and provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

 Please see Exchange Act Release No. 92952 (Sept. 13, 2021),
 Release No. 98636 (Sept. 29, 2023), and Release No. 98638 (Sept. 29, 2023)

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8B, describe the crime(s) and provide
jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

 N/A

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8C, attach the relevant Commission
order(s) and provide the date(s):

 N/A
List of Material Changes

Form NRSRO ≠ Annual Certification
March 2026

This list reflects material changes made to the information or documents in Morningstar DBRS'
Form NRSRO during the previous calendar year unless otherwise indicated below.
Form NRSRO
Item 3
On November 7, 2025, Item 3 was updated to add DBRS Ratings Pty Limited as a Credit Rating
Affiliate.
Item 4
On September 15, 2025, Item 4 was amended to reflect the appointment of a new Designated
Compliance Officer ("DCO") of the NRSRO.
Item 5
On November 7, 2025, Item 5 was updated to reference DBRS Ratings Pty Limited.
Item 7A
Item 7A was updated to allocate certain ratings from our internal sector classifications from
asset-backed security subclasses to corporate issuers.
Exhibit 1
Exhibit 1 was updated to allocate certain ratings from our internal sector classifications from
United States public finance to corporate issuers.
Exhibit 1 was updated to allocate ratings from our internal sector classification "supranational
institutions" to sovereign issuers.
Exhibit 4
Updates to Exhibit 4 were made to reflect organizational changes and/or title changes.
Exhibit 5
The Morningstar DBRS Business Code of Conduct was updated.
Exhibit 7
Certain policies and procedures were updated.
List of Material Changes

Form NRSRO ≠ Annual Certification
March 2026

Exhibit 9
On September 15, 2025, Exhibit 9 was amended to reflect the resume of the DCO noted in Item
4 in Form NRSRO.

                                                             *****
