FORM NRSRO                 OMB APPROVAL
                    OMB Number: 3235-0625
                    Expires: Dec. 31, 2026
                    Estimated average burden
                    hours per response: 36

APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL
RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

SEC 1541 (1-24)  Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this
                 form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid
                 OMB control number.

                 1
                     APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A

                                   NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

 INITIAL APPLICATION                         x ANNUAL CERTIFICATION

 APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                     UPDATE OF REGISTRATION
     OF CREDIT RATINGS                             Items and/or Exhibits Amended:

 APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT                       WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION
     Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A. Your full name:
          Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd.

        B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:
          JCR

          (ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
          (other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):
          None

        C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

  5-15-8             Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo   JAPAN            104-0061

(Number and Street)  (City)                  (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:            (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

  None               (City)

(Number and Street)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

  Seiko Hattori      Compliance Management Division

(Name and Title)     Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo   JAPAN            104-0061

  5-15-8             (City)                  (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

(Number and Street)

CERTIFICATION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                          2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

March 27, 2026                                 Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd.

             (Date)                                                                (Name of the Applicant/NRSRO)

By: SHOKICHI TAKAGI                                                                Shokichi Takagi, President and CEO
                                  (Signature)                                                 (Print Name and Title)

2. A. Your legal status:

x    Corporation
                          Limited Liability Company                   Partnership      Other (specify)

B. Month and day of your fiscal year end: March 31

C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
   partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

State/Country of formation: Japan                                     Date of formation: April 1, 1985

3. Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

  None                                         (Address)

(Name)

(Name)                                         (Address)

(Name)                                         (Address)

(Name)                                         (Address)

(Name)                                         (Address)

4. The designated compliance officer of the Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

  Kenji Sumitani                               Designated Compliance Officer

(Name and Title)

  5-15-8                                       Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo  JAPAN                                       104-0061

(Number and Street)                             (City)                (State/Country)                             (Postal Code)

5. Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made
         publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the
         Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

          Form NRSRO and its exhibits are available in the following JCR's website;

          https://www.jcr.co.jp/en/service/company/regu/nrsro/

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the Applicant/NRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the Applicant/NRSRO has an outstanding credit ratings and the
         approximate date the Applicant/NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                      3
                   Class of credit ratings         Applying for    Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   registration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                     outstanding
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in     
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.    
78c(a)(19))                                        

corporate issuers

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term      
is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange
Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of
the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and
foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
      accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See
      Instructions):

       The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching ________ certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this
                  application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

       The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional
                  buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1)(D) of the Exchange Act.

Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
"Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                          4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                     Class of credit rating         Currently       Approximate     Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding       issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.      x             as of the most      commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.       x
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in   x                 year end
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))                                                      977                 1985

insurance companies as that term is defined in       x           120                1987
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                 3,814               1987
78c(a)(19))                                                                          n/a
                                                                 n/a
corporate issuers                                                                   1987
                                                                 450
issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is
defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act
(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government
securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 7A readily accessible
      for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

             Internet web site (for free), Facsimile services (for JPY95,000/year),

             RatingEye (web-site for JPY650,000/user/year and additional ID (if any) for JPY325,000/ID/year),

             J-CRIS(database service to customers electronically for JPY2.4million /user/year)

 8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
 Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
 (See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
 this Form publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
 confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
 rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
 confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                    5
                                                                                                       YES  NO

A. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO committed or omitted

any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),       

or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any                    x
offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been
enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the

Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO been convicted of any              

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section          x
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent
crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial

application of the Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the Applicant/NRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or               x
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.

x  Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.

 Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
information.

 Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.

 Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.

 Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.

 Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.

 Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                 6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst
supervisors.

 Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.

 Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

 Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.

 Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                         7
     List of Material Changes in Exhibits of Form NRSRO

The following is a list of all material changes made to the items and exhibits to Form
NRSRO during the calendar year ended December 31, 2025.

1. Update of April 1, 2025
    Exhibit 4-2, 4-3:
        Mr. Takeshi Rikawa was appointed as General Manager, Head of the Corporate
          Rating Dept. I.
        Mr. Masayoshi Mizukawa was appointed as General Manager, Head of the
          Corporate Rating Dept. II.
        Ms. Seiko Hattori was appointed as Division Manager of the Compliance
          Management Division.
    Exhibit 8:
        Revised the total number of credit analysts and credit analyst supervisors as of
          April 1, 2025.

2. Update of April 2, 2025
    Exhibit 2-3:
        Revised "c. Broker-Dealer (Securities companies)" of "II. Credit Rating
          Methodology by Class".

3. Update of May 13, 2025
    Exhibit 4-2, 4-3:
        Mr. Mikiya Kubota was appointed as Group Head of the Sustainable Finance
          Evaluation Group.
        Mr. Daisuke Sato was appointed as General Manager, Head of the SFEG
          Evaluation Planning Dept.
        Ms. Rieko Kikuchi was appointed as General Manager, Head of the SFEG
          Evaluation Dept.
4. Update of July 1, 2025
    Exhibit 4-2:
        Mr. Shigeo Sugiyama was appointed as Division Manager of the Internal Audit
          Division.
        Mr. Yoshitaka Goto was appointed as Division Manager of the Translation
          Division.
    Exhibit 4-3:
        Mr. Shozo Matsumura retired from Managing Director.
        Mr. Mikiya Kubota took responsibility for the Sustainable Finance Evaluation
          Group.
        Ms. Rieko Kikuchi was appointed as Executive Officer and took responsibility
          for the Sustainable Finance Evaluation Group and the SFEG Evaluation Dept.
        Mr. Nobuyuki Kato was appointed as Executive Officer and took responsibility
          for the Corporate Management & Planning Dept.

5. Update of September 1, 2025
    Exhibit 4-3:
        Mr. Takeshi Rikawa was appointed as Executive Officer and took responsibility
          for the Corporate Rating Dept I, the Corporate Rating Dept II and the Public
          Sector Rating Dept.

                                                                                                     End.
