FORM NRSRO               OMB APPROVAL
                  OMB Number: 3235-0625
                  Expires: 'HF 20

                  Estimated average burden
                  hours per response: 36

APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL
RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

SEC 1541 (1-)  Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this
               form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid
               OMB control number.

               1
                     APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS A

                                   NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

                     STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATION (NRSRO)

 INITIAL APPLICATION                                   ANNUAL CERTIFICATION
 APPLICATION TO ADD CLASS                              UPDATE OF REGISTRATION

    OF CREDIT RATINGS                                 Items and/or Exhibits Amended:
                                                                                                         _
 APPLICATION SUPPLEMENT

Items and/or Exhibits Supplemented:                    WITHDRAWAL FROM REGISTRATION
                                                   _

Important: Refer to Form NRSRO Instructions for General Instructions, Item-by-Item Instructions,
an Explanation of Terms, and the Disclosure Reporting Page (NRSRO). "You" and "your" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO. "Applicant" and "NRSRO" mean
the person filing or furnishing, as applicable, this Form NRSRO and any credit rating affiliate
identified in Item 3.

1. A. Your full name:

          Demotech, Inc.

B. (i) Name under which your credit rating business is primarily conducted, if different from Item 1A:

   N/A

(ii) Any other name under which your credit rating business is conducted and where it is used
(other than the name of a credit rating affiliate identified in Item 3):

 N/A

C. Address of your principal office (do not use a P.O. Box):

2715 Tuller Parkway Dublin                            OH/USA           43017

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

D. Mailing address, if different:

N/A

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

E. Contact person (See Instructions):

W. Burke Coleman                                      Regulatory & Compliance Counsel

(Name and Title)

2715 Tuller Parkway Dublin                            OH/USA           43017

(Number and Street)                (City)             (State/Country)  (Zip/Postal Code)

CERTIFICATION:

The undersigned has executed this Form NRSRO on behalf of, and on the authority of, the Applicant/NRSRO. The
undersigned, on behalf of the Applicant/NRSRO, represents that the information and statements contained in this
Form, including Exhibits and attachments, all of which are part of this Form, are accurate in all significant respects. If

                                           2
this is an ANNUAL CERTIFICATION, the undersigned, on behalf of the NRSRO, represents that the NRSRO's
application on Form NRSRO, as amended, is accurate in all significant respects.

3/27/2026                 Demotech, Inc.

     (Date)                                                                                 (Name of the Applicant/NRSRO)

By:  Joseph L. Petrelli Digitally signed by Joseph L. Petrelli                              Joseph L. Petrelli, President
                                                         Date: 2026.03.27 09:41:04 -04'00'
                                                                                                                                 (Print Name and Title)
             (Signature)

2. A. Your legal status:

          Corporation
                          Limited Liability Company                                         Partnership      Other (specify)

     B. Month and day of your fiscal year end: 12/31

     C. Place and date of your formation (i.e., state or country where you were incorporated, where your
        partnership agreement was filed, or where you otherwise were formed):

     State/Country of formation: OH/USA                                                     Date of formation: 9/9/85

3.   Your credit rating affiliates (See Instructions):

     N/A

     (Name)                               (Address)

     (Name)                               (Address)

     (Name)                               (Address)

     (Name)                               (Address)

     (Name)                               (Address)

4.   The designated compliance officer of the Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

     W. Burke Coleman                                                                       Regulatory & Compliance Counsel

     (Name and Title)      Dublin                                                           OH/USA 43017

      2715 Tuller Parkway

     (Number and Street)                  (City)                                            (State/Country)                   (Postal Code)

5.   Describe in detail how this Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 to this Form NRSRO will be made

     publicly and freely available on an easily accessible portion of the corporate Internet website of the

     Applicant/NRSRO (See Instructions):

     Form NRSRO and Exhibits 1 through 9 are made publicly and freely available on Demotech's website:

     www.demotech.com

6. COMPLETE ITEM 6 ONLY IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION, APPLICATION
        SUPPLEMENT, OR APPLICATION TO ADD A CLASS OF CREDIT RATINGS.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the Applicant/NRSRO is applying to be registered. For
         each class, indicate the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that
         class as of the date of this application for which the Applicant/NRSRO has an outstanding credit rating and the
         approximate date the Applicant/NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on
         a continuous basis through the present (See Instructions):

                                                         3
                   Class of credit ratings         Applying for    Approximate       Approximate date
                                                   registration  number currently  issuance commenced
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                     outstanding
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined
in section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78c(a)(5))

insurance companies as that term is defined in        
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers                                     

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term       
is defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term

is defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Exchange

Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(42)), municipal securities      
as that term is defined in section 3(a)(29) of

the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and

foreign government securities

B. Briefly describe how the Applicant/NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 6A readily
     accessible for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

C. Check the applicable box and attach certifications from qualified institutional buyers, if required (See

Instructions):                                        certifications from qualified institutional buyers to this

       The Applicant/NRSRO is attaching

                   application. Each is marked "Certification from Qualified Institutional Buyer."

              The Applicant/NRSRO is exempt from the requirement to file certifications from qualified institutional

             buyers pursuant to section 15E(a)(1)(D) of the Exchange Act.

Note: You are not required to make a Certification from a Qualified Institutional Buyer filed with this
Form NRSRO publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-
1(i). You may request that the Commission keep these certifications confidential by marking each page
"Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules governing confidential treatment. The
Commission will keep the certifications confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                   4
7. DO NOT COMPLETE ITEM 7 IF THIS IS AN INITIAL APPLICATION.

A. Indicate below the classes of credit ratings for which the NRSRO is currently registered. For each class, indicate
      the approximate number of obligors, securities, and money market instruments in that class for which the
      NRSRO had an outstanding credit rating as of the most recent calendar year end and the approximate date the
      NRSRO began issuing credit ratings as a "credit rating agency" in that class on a continuous basis through the
      present (See Instructions):

                     Class of credit rating         Currently       Approximate                  Approximate date
                                                    registered  number outstanding                    issuance
financial institutions as that term is defined in
section 3(a)(46) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.                    as of the most                   commenced
78c(a)(46)), brokers as that term is defined in                   recent calendar
section 3(a)(4) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(4)), and dealers as that term is defined in                     year end
section 3(a)(5) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(5))                                          

insurance companies as that term is defined in                  451                              1989
section 3(a)(19) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(19))

corporate issuers                                   

issuers of asset-backed securities as that term is  
defined in 17 CFR 229.1101(c)

issuers of government securities as that term is

defined in section 3(a)(42) of the Act (15 U.S.C.

78c(a)(42)), municipal securities as that term is   
defined in section 3(a)(29) of the Exchange Act

(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(29)), and foreign government

securities

B. Briefly describe how the NRSRO makes the credit ratings in the classes indicated in Item 7A readily accessible
     for free or for a reasonable fee (See Instructions):

     The ratings assigned by Demotech in the class of ratings for insurance companies

     are readily accessible for free on Demotech's website, www.demotech.com.

8. Answer each question. Provide information that relates to a "Yes" answer on a Disclosure
Reporting Page (NRSRO) and submit the Disclosure Reporting Page with this Form NRSRO
(See Instructions). You are not required to make any disclosure reporting pages submitted with
this Form publicly available on your corporate Internet website pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep any disclosure reporting pages
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission
rules governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the disclosure reporting pages
confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                         5
                                                                                                       YES  NO

A. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO committed or omitted

any act, or been subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G),

or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, been convicted of any                
offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been

enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 in the ten years preceding the date of the initial application of the

Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

B. Has the Applicant/NRSRO or any person within the Applicant/NRSRO been convicted of any

crime that is punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section          
15(b)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or been convicted of a substantially equivalent

crime by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction in the ten years preceding the date of the initial

application of the Applicant/NRSRO for registration as an NRSRO or at any time thereafter?

C. Is any person within the Applicant/NRSRO subject to any order of the Commission barring or               
suspending the right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO?

9. Exhibits (See Instructions).

 Exhibit 1. Credit ratings performance measurement statistics.

 Exhibit 1 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 2. A description of the procedures and methodologies used in determining credit ratings.

  Exhibit 2 is attached and made a part of Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 3. Policies or procedures adopted and implemented to prevent the misuse of material, nonpublic
 information.

 Exhibit 3 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 4. Organizational structure.

 Exhibit 4 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 5. The code of ethics or a statement of the reasons why a code of ethics is not in effect.

 Exhibit 5 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 6. Identification of conflicts of interests relating to the issuance of credit ratings.

 Exhibit 6 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

 Exhibit 7. Policies and procedures to address and manage conflicts of interest.

 Exhibit 7 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

                                                         6
Exhibit 8. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's credit analysts and credit analyst
supervisors.

 Exhibit 8 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 9. Certain information regarding the credit rating agency's designated compliance officer.

 Exhibit 9 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Exhibit 10. A list of the largest users of credit rating services by the amount of net revenue earned from the
user during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 10 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 11. Audited financial statements for each of the three fiscal or calendar years ending immediately
before the date of the initial application.

 Exhibit 11 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 12. Information regarding revenues for the fiscal or calendar year ending immediately before the date of
the initial application.

 Exhibit 12 is attached to and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

Exhibit 13. The total and median annual compensation of credit analysts.

 Exhibit 13 is attached and made a part of this Form NRSRO.

Note: You are not required to make this Exhibit publicly available on your corporate Internet website
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17g-1(i). You may request that the Commission keep this Exhibit
confidential by marking each page "Confidential Treatment" and complying with Commission rules
governing confidential treatment. The Commission will keep the information and documents in the
Exhibit confidential upon request to the extent permitted by law.

                                                        7
DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (NRSRO)

This Disclosure Reporting Page (DRP) is to be used to provide information concerning affirmative
responses to Item 8 of Form NRSRO.

Submit a separate DRP for each person that: (a) has committed or omitted any act, or been subject to an
order or finding, enumerated in subparagraphs (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified
in section 15(b)(4)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (b) has been convicted of any crime that is
punishable by imprisonment for 1 or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or has been convicted of a substantially equivalent crime by a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction; or (c) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the
right of the person to be associated with an NRSRO.

Name of Applicant/NRSRO          Date

Demotech, Inc.               3/27/2026

Check Item being responded to:

 Item 8A
 Item 8B
 Item 8C

Full name of the person for whom this DRP is being submitted:

 Demotech, Inc.

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8A, describe the act(s) that was (were)
committed or omitted; or the order(s) or finding(s); or the injunction(s) (provide the relevant statute(s) or
regulation(s)) and provide jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

 Please see Exchange Act Release No. 100905 / September 3, 2024

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8B, describe the crime(s) and provide
jurisdiction(s) and date(s):

 N/A

If this DRP provides information relating to a "Yes" answer to Item 8C, attach the relevant Commission
order(s) and provide the date(s):

 N/A

                         37
                              Form NRSRO ­ Annual Certification ­ March 2026

                     List of Material Changes Pursuant to Form NRSRO Instruction F

The following list reflects material changes made to the information or documents in the application for
registration of Demotech as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) that occurred
during the previous calendar year:

    1) On February 24, 2025, Demotech submitted an Update of Registration, including the following:
              a. Exhibit 2 was updated to reflect changes to Demotech's rating methodology, including
                   additional information related to Demotech's review of Protected Cell Captives, and
                   clarifications related to the review of Title underwriters and Life insurance companies.

    2) On July 17, 2025, Demotech amended its annual certification for 2025 to report default statistics in
         Exhibit 1 based on "net impairments." Accordingly, defaults that occur after a rating has been
         withdrawn are not included in Exhibit 1 default statistics. This change aligns Demotech's reporting
         method with the practices of other NRSROs registered in the class of ratings for insurance
         companies. Prior to this revision, Demotech's filings reported default statistics based on "gross
         impairments," which included defaults that occurred after a rating was withdrawn by Demotech.

    3) On July 17, 2025, Demotech submitted an Update of Registration, including the following:
              a. Exhibit 2 was updated to reflect revisions to Demotech's rating procedures related to rating
                   action appeals and withdrawals.
              b. Exhibit 5 was updated to reflect revisions to Demotech's Code of Conduct regarding gifts
                   and favors.
              c. Exhibit 7 was updated to reflect changes to Demotech's Policy for the Management of
                   Actual and Potential Conflicts of Interest related to securities ownership and trading
                   restrictions.

List of Material Changes Pursuant to Form NRSRO Instruction F  March 2026
